abandoned strongneg
abandonment strongneg
abandon strongneg
abase strongneg
abasement strongneg
abash strongneg
abate weakneg
abdicate weakneg
aberration weakneg
abhor strongneg
abhorred strongneg
abhorrence strongneg
abhorrent strongneg
abhorrently strongneg
abhors strongneg
abidance weakpos
abide weakpos
abject strongneg
abjectly strongneg
abjure weakneg
abilities weakpos
ability weakpos
able weakpos
abnormal strongneg
abolish weakneg
abominable strongneg
abominably strongneg
abominate strongneg
abomination strongneg
above weakpos
above-average strongpos
abound weakpos
abrade strongneg
abrasive strongneg
abrupt weakneg
abscond strongneg
absence weakneg
absentee weakneg
absent-minded weakneg
absolve strongpos
absolute neutral
absolutely neutral
absorbed neutral
absurd strongneg
absurdity strongneg
absurdly strongneg
absurdness strongneg
abundant strongpos
abundance strongpos
abuse strongneg
abuses strongneg
abusive strongneg
abysmal strongneg
abysmally strongneg
abyss strongneg
accede weakpos
accentuate neutral
accept weakpos
acceptance weakpos
acceptable strongpos
accessible weakpos
accidental weakneg
acclaim strongpos
acclaimed weakpos
acclamation strongpos
accolade strongpos
accolades strongpos
accommodative strongpos
accomplish strongpos
accomplishment strongpos
accomplishments strongpos
accord weakpos
accordance weakpos
accordantly weakpos
accost strongneg
accountable weakneg
accurate strongpos
accurately strongpos
accursed strongneg
accusation strongneg
accusations strongneg
accuse strongneg
accuses strongneg
accusing strongneg
accusingly strongneg
acerbate strongneg
acerbic strongneg
acerbically strongneg
ache weakneg
achievable weakpos
achieve strongpos
achievement strongpos
achievements strongpos
acknowledge weakpos
acknowledgement weakpos
acquit weakpos
acrid weakneg
acridly strongneg
acridness weakneg
acrimonious strongneg
acrimoniously strongneg
acrimony strongneg
active weakpos
activist neutral
actual neutral
actuality neutral
actually neutral
acumen strongpos
adamant weakneg
adamantly weakneg
adaptable weakpos
adaptability weakpos
adaptive weakpos
addict strongneg
addiction strongneg
adept strongpos
adeptly strongpos
adequate weakpos
adherence weakpos
adherent weakpos
adhesion weakpos
admirable strongpos
admirer strongpos
admirably strongpos
admiration strongpos
admire strongpos
admiring strongpos
admiringly strongpos
admission weakpos
admit weakpos
admittedly weakpos
admonish strongneg
admonisher weakneg
admonishingly strongneg
admonishment strongneg
admonition strongneg
adolescents neutral
adorable strongpos
adore strongpos
adored strongpos
adorer weakpos
adoring strongpos
adoringly strongpos
adrift strongneg
adroit strongpos
adroitly strongpos
adulate strongpos
adulation strongpos
adulatory strongpos
adulterate strongneg
adulterated strongneg
adulteration strongneg
advanced weakpos
advantage weakpos
advantageous strongpos
advantages strongpos
adventure weakpos
adventuresome weakpos
adventurism weakpos
adventurous weakpos
adversarial strongneg
adversary strongneg
adverse strongneg
adversity strongneg
advice weakpos
advisable weakpos
advocate strongpos
advocacy strongpos
affable strongpos
affability strongpos
affably strongpos
affect neutral
affectation weakneg
affected neutral
affection weakpos
affectionate strongpos
affinity weakpos
affirm weakpos
affirmation strongpos
affirmative strongpos
afflict strongneg
affliction strongneg
afflictive strongneg
affluent strongpos
affluence strongpos
afford weakpos
affordable strongpos
affront strongneg
afloat weakpos
afraid strongneg
against weakneg
aggravate strongneg
aggravating strongneg
aggravation strongneg
aggression strongneg
aggressive strongneg
aggressiveness strongneg
aggressor strongneg
aggrieve strongneg
aggrieved strongneg
aghast strongneg
agile weakpos
agilely weakpos
agility weakpos
agitate strongneg
agitated strongneg
agitation strongneg
agitator strongneg
agonies strongneg
agonize strongneg
agonizing strongneg
agonizingly strongneg
agony strongneg
agree weakpos
agreeability strongpos
agreeable strongpos
agreeableness strongpos
agreeably strongpos
agreement weakpos
aha neutral
ail strongneg
ailment strongneg
aimless strongneg
air neutral
airs strongneg
alarm strongneg
alarmed strongneg
alarming strongneg
alarmingly strongneg
alas strongneg
alert neutral
alienate strongneg
alienated strongneg
alienation strongneg
all-time neutral
allay weakpos
allegation weakneg
allegations weakneg
allege weakneg
allegorize neutral
allergic weakneg
alleviate weakpos
alliance neutral
alliances neutral
allow weakpos
allowable weakpos
allure weakpos
alluring weakpos
alluringly weakpos
allusion neutral
allusions neutral
ally weakpos
almighty strongpos
aloof strongneg
altercation weakneg
although weakneg
altogether neutral
altruist strongpos
altruistic strongpos
altruistically strongpos
amaze weakpos
amazed weakpos
amazement weakpos
amazing weakpos
amazingly weakpos
ambiguous weakneg
ambiguity weakneg
ambitious weakpos
ambitiously weakpos
ambivalence weakneg
ambivalent weakneg
ambush weakneg
ameliorate weakpos
amenable strongpos
amenity weakpos
amiability strongpos
amiabily strongpos
amiable strongpos
amicability strongpos
amicable strongpos
amicably strongpos
amiss strongneg
amity weakpos
amnesty weakpos
amour strongpos
ample strongpos
amply strongpos
amplify neutral
amputate weakneg
amuse strongpos
amusement weakpos
amusing strongpos
amusingly weakpos
analytical neutral
anarchism strongneg
anarchist strongneg
anarchistic strongneg
anarchy strongneg
anemic weakneg
angel strongpos
angelic strongpos
anger strongneg
angrily strongneg
angriness strongneg
angry strongneg
anguish strongneg
annihilate strongneg
annihilation strongneg
animated weakpos
animosity strongneg
annoy strongneg
annoyance strongneg
annoyed strongneg
annoying strongneg
annoyingly strongneg
anomalous weakneg
anomaly weakneg
antagonism strongneg
antagonist strongneg
antagonistic strongneg
antagonize strongneg
anti- strongneg
anti-American strongneg
anti-Israeli strongneg
anti-Semites strongneg
anti-US strongneg
anti-occupation strongneg
anti-proliferation strongneg
anti-social strongneg
anti-white strongneg
antipathy strongneg
antiquated weakneg
antithetical strongneg
anxieties strongneg
anxiety strongneg
anxious strongneg
anxiously strongneg
anxiousness strongneg
anyhow neutral
anyway neutral
anyways neutral
apathetic strongneg
apathetically strongneg
apathy strongneg
ape strongneg
apocalypse strongneg
apocalyptic strongneg
apologist weakneg
apologists weakneg
apostle weakpos
apotheosis strongpos
appal strongneg
appall strongneg
appalled strongneg
appalling strongneg
appallingly strongneg
apparent neutral
apparently neutral
appeal strongpos
appealing strongpos
appear neutral
appearance neutral
appease weakpos
applaud strongpos
appreciable weakpos
appreciate weakpos
appreciation weakpos
appreciative weakpos
appreciatively strongpos
appreciativeness strongpos
apprehend neutral
apprehension strongneg
apprehensions strongneg
apprehensive strongneg
apprehensively strongneg
appropriate strongpos
approval weakpos
approve strongpos
apt strongpos
aptly strongpos
aptitude strongpos
arbitrary weakneg
arcane weakneg
archaic strongneg
ardent weakpos
ardently weakpos
ardor weakpos
arduous strongneg
arduously strongneg
aristocratic weakpos
argue weakneg
argument weakneg
argumentative strongneg
arguments weakneg
arousal weakpos
arouse weakpos
arousing strongpos
arresting weakpos
arrogance strongneg
arrogant strongneg
arrogantly strongneg
articulate strongpos
artificial weakneg
ascendant strongpos
ascertainable strongpos
ashamed strongneg
asinine strongneg
asininely strongneg
asinininity strongneg
askance strongneg
asperse weakneg
aspersion weakneg
aspersions weakneg
aspiration strongpos
aspirations strongpos
aspire weakpos
assail weakneg
assassinate strongneg
assassin strongneg
assault strongneg
assent weakpos
assertions weakpos
assertive weakpos
assess neutral
assessment neutral
assessments neutral
asset strongpos
assiduous strongpos
assiduously strongpos
assuage weakpos
assumption neutral
assurance weakpos
assurances weakpos
assure strongpos
assuredly strongpos
astonish weakpos
astonished weakpos
astonishing weakpos
astonishingly weakpos
astonishment weakpos
astound weakpos
astounded weakpos
astounding weakpos
astoundingly weakpos
astray strongneg
astronomic neutral
astronomical neutral
astronomically neutral
astute strongpos
astutely strongpos
asunder strongneg
asylum weakpos
atrocious strongneg
atrocities strongneg
atrocity strongneg
atrophy strongneg
attack strongneg
attain weakpos
attainable weakpos
attentive strongpos
attest weakpos
attitude neutral
attitudes neutral
attraction weakpos
attractive strongpos
attractively strongpos
attune weakpos
audacious weakneg
audaciously weakneg
audaciousness weakneg
audacity weakneg
auspicious strongpos
austere strongneg
authentic strongpos
authoritarian weakneg
authoritative strongpos
autocrat strongneg
autocratic strongneg
award weakpos
awareness neutral
aware neutral
autonomous weakpos
avalanche strongneg
avarice strongneg
avaricious strongneg
avariciously strongneg
avenge strongneg
aver strongpos
averse strongneg
aversion strongneg
avid strongpos
avidly strongpos
avoid weakneg
avoidance weakneg
awe strongpos
awed strongpos
awesome strongpos
awesomely strongpos
awesomeness strongpos
awestruck strongpos
awful strongneg
awfully strongneg
awfulness strongneg
awkward strongneg
awkwardness strongneg
ax strongneg
babble strongneg
baby neutral
back weakpos
backbite strongneg
backbiting strongneg
backbone weakpos
backward strongneg
backwardness strongneg
bad strongneg
badly weakneg
baffle weakneg
baffled weakneg
bafflement weakneg
baffling weakneg
bait strongneg
balanced strongpos
balk strongneg
banal strongneg
banalize strongneg
bane strongneg
banish strongneg
banishment strongneg
bankrupt strongneg
bar weakneg
barbarian strongneg
barbaric strongneg
barbarically strongneg
barbarity strongneg
barbarous strongneg
barbarously strongneg
barely weakneg
bargain weakpos
barren strongneg
baseless weakneg
bashful weakneg
basic weakpos
basically neutral
bask strongpos
bastard strongneg
batons neutral
battered strongneg
battering strongneg
battle strongneg
battle-lines strongneg
battlefield strongneg
battleground strongneg
batty strongneg
beacon strongpos
bearish weakneg
beast weakneg
beastly strongneg
beatify weakpos
beauteous strongpos
beautiful strongpos
beautifully strongpos
beautify strongpos
beauty strongpos
bedlam strongneg
bedlamite strongneg
befit strongpos
befitting strongpos
befoul strongneg
befriend strongpos
beg strongneg
beggar weakneg
beggarly strongneg
begging strongneg
beguile strongneg
belated weakneg
belabor strongneg
beleaguer strongneg
belie strongneg
belief neutral
beliefs neutral
believable strongpos
believe neutral
belittle strongneg
belittled strongneg
belittling strongneg
bellicose strongneg
belligerence strongneg
belligerent strongneg
belligerently strongneg
beloved strongpos
bemoan strongneg
bemoaning strongneg
bemused weakneg
benefactor strongpos
beneficial strongpos
beneficent strongpos
beneficially strongpos
beneficiary strongpos
benefit strongpos
benefits strongpos
benevolence strongpos
benevolent strongpos
benign weakpos
bent strongneg
berate strongneg
bereave strongneg
bereavement strongneg
bereft strongneg
berserk strongneg
beseech strongneg
beset strongneg
besides neutral
besiege strongneg
besmirch strongneg
best weakpos
best-known strongpos
best-performing strongpos
best-selling strongpos
bestial strongneg
betray strongneg
betrayal strongneg
betrayals strongneg
betrayer strongneg
better weakpos
better-known weakpos
better-than-expected strongpos
bewail strongneg
beware strongneg
bewilder strongneg
bewildered strongneg
bewildering strongneg
bewilderingly strongneg
bewilderment strongneg
bewitch weakneg
bias weakneg
biased weakneg
biases weakneg
bicker strongneg
bickering strongneg
bid-rigging strongneg
big neutral
bitch strongneg
bitchy strongneg
biting strongneg
bitingly strongneg
bitter strongneg
bitterly strongneg
bitterness strongneg
bizarre weakneg
blab strongneg
blabber strongneg
black weakneg
blackmail weakneg
blah strongneg
blame strongneg
blameless strongpos
blameworthy strongneg
bland strongneg
blandish weakneg
blaspheme strongneg
blasphemous strongneg
blasphemy strongneg
blast weakneg
blasted strongneg
blatant strongneg
blatantly strongneg
blather strongneg
bleak strongneg
bleakly strongneg
bleakness strongneg
bleed weakneg
blemish strongneg
bless strongpos
blessing weakpos
blind strongneg
blinding weakneg
blindingly weakneg
blindness strongneg
blindside strongneg
bliss strongpos
blissful strongpos
blissfully strongpos
blister strongneg
blistering strongneg
blithe strongpos
bloated strongneg
block weakneg
blockhead strongneg
blood neutral
bloodshed strongneg
bloodthirsty strongneg
bloody strongneg
bloom strongpos
blossom strongpos
blow strongneg
blunder strongneg
blundering strongneg
blunders strongneg
blunt weakneg
blur weakneg
blurt strongneg
boast weakpos
boastful strongneg
boggle strongneg
bogus strongneg
boil strongneg
boiling strongneg
boisterous weakneg
bold weakpos
boldly weakpos
boldness weakpos
bolster strongpos
bombard strongneg
bomb strongneg
bombardment strongneg
bombastic strongneg
bondage strongneg
bonkers strongneg
bonny strongpos
bonus strongpos
boom strongpos
booming strongpos
boost strongpos
bore strongneg
boredom strongneg
boring strongneg
botch strongneg
bother weakneg
bothersome strongneg
boundless strongpos
bountiful strongpos
bowdlerize strongneg
boycott strongneg
brag both
braggart strongneg
bragger strongneg
brains weakpos
brainwash strongneg
brainy strongpos
brash strongneg
brashly strongneg
brashness strongneg
brat strongneg
bravado strongneg
brave weakpos
bravery weakpos
brazen weakneg
brazenly strongneg
brazenness strongneg
breach strongneg
break strongneg
break-point weakneg
breakdown strongneg
breakthrough strongpos
breakthroughs strongpos
breathlessness weakpos
breathtaking strongpos
breathtakingly strongpos
bright strongpos
brighten strongpos
brightness strongpos
brilliance strongpos
brilliant strongpos
brilliantly strongpos
brimstone weakneg
brisk weakpos
bristle strongneg
brittle weakneg
broad weakpos
broad-based neutral
broke weakneg
broken-hearted strongneg
brood strongneg
brook strongpos
brotherly weakpos
browbeat strongneg
bruise strongneg
brusque weakneg
brutal strongneg
brutalising strongneg
brutalities strongneg
brutality strongneg
brutalize strongneg
brutalizing strongneg
brutally strongneg
brute strongneg
brutish strongneg
bug weakneg
buckle strongneg
bulky weakneg
bull weakpos
bullies strongneg
bullish weakpos
bully strongneg
bullyingly strongneg
bum strongneg
bumpy weakneg
bungle strongneg
bungler strongneg
bunk strongneg
buoyant weakpos
burden strongneg
burdensome strongneg
burdensomely strongneg
burn weakneg
busy weakneg
busybody weakneg
butcher strongneg
butchery strongneg
byzantine strongneg
cackle strongneg
cajole strongneg
calamities strongneg
calamitous strongneg
calamitously strongneg
calamity strongneg
callous strongneg
calm strongpos
calming weakpos
calmness weakpos
calumniate strongneg
calumniation strongneg
calumnies strongneg
calumnious strongneg
calumniously strongneg
calumny strongneg
cancer strongneg
cancerous strongneg
candid strongpos
candor strongpos
cannibal strongneg
cannibalize strongneg
capable strongpos
capability strongpos
capably strongpos
capitalize weakpos
capitulate weakneg
capricious strongneg
capriciously strongneg
capriciousness strongneg
capsize strongneg
captivate weakpos
captivating weakpos
captivation weakpos
captive strongneg
care strongpos
carefree strongpos
careful weakpos
careless strongneg
carelessness strongneg
caricature strongneg
carnage strongneg
carp strongneg
cartoon weakneg
cartoonish strongneg
cash-strapped strongneg
castigate strongneg
casualty strongneg
cataclysm strongneg
cataclysmal strongneg
cataclysmic strongneg
cataclysmically strongneg
catalyst weakpos
catastrophe strongneg
catastrophes strongneg
catastrophic strongneg
catastrophically strongneg
catchy weakpos
caustic weakneg
caustically strongneg
cautionary weakneg
cautious weakneg
cave strongneg
ceaseless neutral
celebrate strongpos
celebrated weakpos
celebration strongpos
celebratory strongpos
celebrity weakpos
censure weakneg
central neutral
certain neutral
certainly neutral
certified neutral
chafe strongneg
chaff weakneg
chagrin strongneg
challenge weakneg
challenging strongneg
champion strongpos
champ strongpos
chant neutral
chaos strongneg
chaotic strongneg
charisma strongneg
charismatic strongpos
charitable strongpos
charity strongpos
charm strongpos
charming strongpos
charmingly strongpos
chaste strongpos
chasten weakneg
chastise strongneg
chastisement strongneg
chatter strongneg
chatterbox strongneg
cheapen strongneg
cheap weakneg
cheat strongneg
cheater strongneg
cheer strongpos
cheery strongpos
cheerful strongpos
cheerless strongneg
cherish strongpos
cherished strongpos
cherub strongpos
chic strongpos
chide strongneg
childish strongneg
chill weakneg
chilly strongneg
chit weakneg
chivalry strongpos
chivalrous strongpos
choppy strongneg
choke strongneg
chore strongneg
chronic strongneg
chum weakpos
civility weakpos
civilization weakpos
civilize weakpos
civil weakpos
claim neutral
clamor weakneg
clamorous weakneg
clandestine neutral
clarity weakpos
clash strongneg
classic weakpos
clean weakpos
cleanliness weakpos
cleanse weakpos
clear strongpos
clear-cut strongpos
clearer weakpos
clearly weakpos
clever strongpos
cliche strongneg
cliched strongneg
clique weakneg
clog strongneg
close weakneg
closeness weakpos
cloud strongneg
clout weakpos
clumsy strongneg
co-operation strongpos
coarse strongneg
coax weakpos
cocky strongneg
coddle weakpos
coerce strongneg
coercion strongneg
coercive strongneg
cogent strongpos
cohesive weakpos
cogitate neutral
cognizance neutral
cognizant neutral
cohere weakpos
coherence weakpos
coherent strongpos
cohesion weakpos
cold strongneg
coldly strongneg
collapse strongneg
collide strongneg
collude strongneg
collusion strongneg
colorful weakpos
colossal weakpos
combative strongneg
comeback weakpos
comedy weakneg
comely strongpos
comfort strongpos
comfortable strongpos
comfortably strongpos
comforting strongpos
comical weakneg
commend strongpos
commendable strongpos
commendably strongpos
commensurate weakpos
commonsense weakpos
commonsensible weakpos
commonsensibly weakpos
commonsensical weakpos
comment neutral
commentator neutral
commodious weakpos
commiserate strongneg
commitment weakpos
commonplace weakneg
commotion weakneg
compact weakpos
compassion strongpos
compassionate strongpos
compatible weakpos
compel weakneg
compelling weakpos
compensate weakpos
competent strongpos
competence weakpos
competency weakpos
competitive strongpos
competitiveness strongpos
complacent strongneg
complain strongneg
complaining strongneg
complaint strongneg
complaints strongneg
complement strongpos
complete neutral
completely neutral
complex weakneg
compliant weakpos
complicate weakneg
complicated weakneg
complication weakneg
complicit weakneg
compliment strongpos
complimentary weakpos
comprehend neutral
comprehensive strongpos
compromise weakpos
compromises weakpos
compulsion weakneg
compulsive strongneg
compulsory weakneg
comrades weakpos
concede strongneg
conceit strongneg
conceited strongneg
conceivable weakpos
concern strongneg
concerned strongneg
concerning neutral
concerns strongneg
concerted neutral
concession strongneg
concessions strongneg
conciliate weakpos
conciliatory weakpos
conclusive weakpos
concrete weakpos
concur weakpos
condescend strongneg
condescending strongneg
condescendingly strongneg
condescension strongneg
condemn weakneg
condemnable weakneg
condemnation weakneg
condolence strongneg
condolences strongneg
condone strongpos
conducive strongpos
confer weakpos
confess strongneg
confession weakneg
confessions weakneg
confide neutral
confidence strongpos
confident strongpos
conflict strongneg
confound strongneg
confounded strongneg
confounding weakneg
confront strongneg
confrontation strongneg
confrontational strongneg
confuse strongneg
confused strongneg
confusing strongneg
confusion strongneg
confute strongpos
congenial weakpos
congested strongneg
congestion strongneg
congratulate strongpos
congratulations strongpos
congratulatory strongpos
conjecture neutral
conquer strongpos
conscience neutral
conscientious weakpos
consciousness neutral
consensus strongpos
consent weakpos
consequently neutral
consider neutral
considerable neutral
considerably neutral
considerate strongpos
consideration neutral
consistent weakpos
console weakpos
conspicuous weakneg
conspicuously weakneg
conspiracies strongneg
conspiracy strongneg
conspirator strongneg
conspiratorial strongneg
conspire strongneg
constancy strongpos
consternation weakneg
constitutions neutral
constrain weakneg
constraint weakneg
constructive strongpos
consume strongneg
consummate weakpos
contagious strongneg
contaminate strongneg
contamination strongneg
contemplate neutral
contempt strongneg
contemptible strongneg
contemptuous strongneg
contemptuously strongneg
contend weakneg
content strongpos
contention weakneg
contentment strongpos
contentious strongneg
continuity weakpos
continuous neutral
contort weakneg
contortions weakneg
contradict strongneg
contradiction strongneg
contradictory strongneg
contrariness weakneg
contrary weakneg
contravene strongneg
contribution weakpos
contrive weakneg
contrived weakneg
controversial weakneg
controversy weakneg
convenient weakpos
conveniently strongpos
conviction weakpos
convince weakpos
convincing strongpos
convincingly strongpos
convoluted weakneg
cooperate weakpos
cooperation strongpos
cooperative strongpos
cooperatively strongpos
coping strongneg
cordial strongpos
cornerstone weakpos
correct strongpos
corrective neutral
correctly weakpos
corrode strongneg
corrosion strongneg
corrosive strongneg
corrupt strongneg
corruption strongneg
cost-effective strongpos
cost-saving strongpos
costly strongneg
could neutral
counterproductive strongneg
coupists weakneg
courage weakpos
courageous strongpos
courageously strongpos
courageousness strongpos
court weakpos
courteous strongpos
courtesy strongpos
courtly weakpos
covenant weakpos
covert neutral
covet both
coveting both
covetingly both
covetous strongneg
covetously both
cow strongneg
coward strongneg
cowardly strongneg
cozy strongpos
crackdown strongneg
crafty weakneg
cramped strongneg
cranky strongneg
crass strongneg
crave strongpos
craven strongneg
cravenly strongneg
craving weakpos
craze strongneg
crazily strongneg
craziness strongneg
crazy strongneg
creative strongpos
credence weakpos
credible weakpos
credulous weakneg
crime strongneg
criminal strongneg
cringe strongneg
cripple strongneg
crippling strongneg
crisis strongneg
crisp weakpos
critic strongneg
critical strongneg
criticism strongneg
criticisms strongneg
criticize strongneg
critics strongneg
crook strongneg
crooked strongneg
cross weakneg
crowded strongneg
crude strongneg
cruel strongneg
cruelties strongneg
cruelty strongneg
crumble strongneg
crumple strongneg
crusade weakpos
crusader weakpos
crush strongneg
crushing strongneg
cry strongneg
culpable strongneg
cuplrit strongneg
cumbersome strongneg
cure-all strongpos
curious weakpos
curiously weakpos
curse strongneg
cursed strongneg
curses strongneg
cursory weakneg
curt weakneg
cuss strongneg
cut weakneg
cute weakpos
cutthroat strongneg
cynical strongneg
cynicism strongneg
damage strongneg
damaging strongneg
damn strongneg
damnable strongneg
damnably strongneg
damnation strongneg
damned strongneg
damning strongneg
dance weakpos
danger strongneg
dangerous strongneg
dangerousness strongneg
dangle weakneg
dare weakpos
daring weakpos
daringly weakpos
dark strongneg
darken strongneg
darkness strongneg
darling strongpos
darn strongneg
dash strongneg
dashing strongpos
dastard strongneg
dastardly strongneg
daunt strongneg
daunting strongneg
dauntingly strongneg
dauntless strongpos
dawdle strongneg
dawn weakpos
daydream weakpos
daydreamer weakpos
daze strongneg
dazed weakneg
dazzle weakpos
dazzled weakpos
dazzling weakpos
dead strongneg
deadbeat strongneg
deadlock strongneg
deadly strongneg
deadweight strongneg
deaf strongneg
deal strongpos
dear strongpos
dearth strongneg
death strongneg
debacle strongneg
debase strongneg
debasement strongneg
debaser strongneg
debatable weakneg
debate weakneg
debauch strongneg
debaucher strongneg
debauchery strongneg
debilitate strongneg
debilitating strongneg
debility strongneg
decadence strongneg
decadent strongneg
decay strongneg
decayed strongneg
deceit strongneg
deceitful strongneg
deceitfully strongneg
deceitfulness strongneg
deceiving strongneg
deceive strongneg
deceiver strongneg
deceivers strongneg
decent strongpos
decency strongpos
deception strongneg
deceptive strongneg
deceptively strongneg
decide neutral
decisive weakpos
decisiveness weakpos
declaim weakneg
decline weakneg
declining weakneg
decrease weakneg
decreasing weakneg
decrement weakneg
decrepit strongneg
decrepitude strongneg
decry strongneg
dedicated strongpos
deduce neutral
deep neutral
deeply neutral
deepening weakneg
defamation strongneg
defamations strongneg
defamatory strongneg
defame strongneg
defeat strongneg
defect weakneg
defective weakneg
defend weakpos
defender weakpos
defensive weakneg
deference strongpos
defense weakpos
defiance strongneg
defiant strongneg
defiantly strongneg
deficiency weakneg
deficient strongneg
defile strongneg
defiler strongneg
definite weakpos
definitely weakpos
definitive weakpos
definitively weakpos
deflationary weakpos
deform strongneg
deformed strongneg
defrauding strongneg
deft strongpos
defunct strongneg
defy strongneg
degenerate weakneg
degenerately weakneg
degeneration strongneg
degradation strongneg
degrade strongneg
degrading strongneg
degradingly strongneg
dehumanization strongneg
dehumanize strongneg
deign strongneg
deject strongneg
dejected strongneg
dejectedly strongneg
dejection strongneg
delectable strongpos
delicacy strongpos
delicate weakpos
delicious strongpos
delight strongpos
delighted strongpos
delightful strongpos
delightfully strongpos
delightfulness strongpos
delinquency strongneg
delinquent strongneg
delirious strongneg
delirium strongneg
delude strongneg
deluded strongneg
deluge strongneg
delusion strongneg
delusional strongneg
delusions strongneg
demand both
demands both
demean strongneg
demeaning strongneg
demise strongneg
democratic weakpos
demolish strongneg
demolisher strongneg
demon strongneg
demonic strongneg
demonize strongneg
demoralize strongneg
demoralizing strongneg
demoralizingly strongneg
demystify weakpos
denial strongneg
denigrate strongneg
deny strongneg
denounce strongneg
denunciate strongneg
denunciation strongneg
denunciations strongneg
dependable strongpos
dependent neutral
deplete weakneg
deplorable strongneg
deplorably strongneg
deplore strongneg
deploring strongneg
deploringly strongneg
deprave strongneg
depraved strongneg
depravedly strongneg
deprecate strongneg
depress weakneg
depressed weakneg
depressing strongneg
depressingly strongneg
depression strongneg
deprive strongneg
deprived strongneg
deride strongneg
derision strongneg
derisive strongneg
derisively strongneg
derisiveness strongneg
derogatory strongneg
desecrate strongneg
deserve weakpos
deserved weakpos
deservedly weakpos
deserving strongpos
desert strongneg
desertion strongneg
desiccate strongneg
desiccated strongneg
desirable strongpos
desire strongpos
desirous strongpos
desolate strongneg
desolately strongneg
desolation strongneg
despair strongneg
despairing strongneg
despairingly strongneg
desperate strongneg
desperately strongneg
desperation strongneg
despicable strongneg
despicably strongneg
despise strongneg
despised strongneg
despite weakneg
despoil strongneg
despoiler strongneg
despondence strongneg
despondency strongneg
despondent strongneg
despondently strongneg
despot strongneg
despotic strongneg
despotism strongneg
destabilisation weakneg
destine weakpos
destined weakpos
destinies weakpos
destiny weakpos
destitute strongneg
destitution strongneg
destroy strongneg
destroyer strongneg
destruction strongneg
destructive strongneg
desultory strongneg
deter weakneg
deteriorate strongneg
deteriorating strongneg
deterioration strongneg
determination weakpos
deterrent weakneg
detest strongneg
detestable strongneg
detestably strongneg
detract weakneg
detraction weakneg
detriment strongneg
detrimental strongneg
devastate strongneg
devastated strongneg
devastating strongneg
devastatingly strongneg
devastation strongneg
deviate weakneg
deviation weakneg
devil strongneg
devilish strongneg
devilishly strongneg
devilment strongneg
devilry strongneg
devious strongneg
deviously strongneg
deviousness strongneg
devoid strongneg
devote strongpos
devoted strongpos
devotee strongpos
devotion strongpos
devout strongpos
dexterity strongpos
dexterous strongpos
dexterously strongpos
dextrous strongpos
diabolic strongneg
diabolical strongneg
diabolically strongneg
diametrically weakneg
diatribe strongneg
diatribes strongneg
dictator strongneg
dictatorial strongneg
differ weakneg
difference neutral
difficult strongneg
difficulties strongneg
difficulty strongneg
diffidence weakneg
dig strongneg
dignified strongpos
dignify strongpos
dignity strongpos
digress weakneg
dilapidated strongneg
dilemma strongneg
diligence strongpos
diligent strongpos
diligently strongpos
dilly-dally strongneg
dim weakneg
diminish weakneg
diminishing weakneg
din strongneg
dinky weakneg
diplomacy neutral
diplomatic weakpos
dire strongneg
direct neutral
direly strongneg
direness strongneg
dirt strongneg
dirty strongneg
disable weakneg
disabled weakneg
disaccord strongneg
disadvantage strongneg
disadvantaged strongneg
disadvantageous strongneg
disaffect strongneg
disaffected strongneg
disaffirm strongneg
disagree weakneg
disagreeable weakneg
disagreeably weakneg
disagreement weakneg
disallow strongneg
disappoint strongneg
disappointed strongneg
disappointing strongneg
disappointingly strongneg
disappointment strongneg
disapprobation strongneg
disapproval strongneg
disapprove strongneg
disapproving strongneg
disarm weakneg
disarray strongneg
disaster strongneg
disastrous strongneg
disastrously strongneg
disavow strongneg
disavowal strongneg
disbelief strongneg
disbelieve strongneg
disbeliever strongneg
discern neutral
discerning weakpos
disclaim strongneg
discombobulate strongneg
discomfit strongneg
discomfititure strongneg
discomfort strongneg
discompose strongneg
disconcert strongneg
disconcerted strongneg
disconcerting strongneg
disconcertingly strongneg
disconsolate strongneg
disconsolately strongneg
disconsolation strongneg
discontent strongneg
discontented strongneg
discontentedly strongneg
discontinuity weakneg
discord strongneg
discordance strongneg
discordant strongneg
discountenance strongneg
discourage strongneg
discouragement strongneg
discouraging strongneg
discouragingly strongneg
discourteous strongneg
discourteously strongneg
discredit strongneg
discreet weakpos
discrepant weakneg
discretion weakpos 
discriminate strongneg
discriminating strongpos
discriminatingly strongpos
discrimination strongneg
discriminatory weakneg
disdain strongneg
disdainful strongneg
disdainfully strongneg
disease strongneg
diseased strongneg
disfavor strongneg
disgrace strongneg
disgraced strongneg
disgraceful strongneg
disgracefully strongneg
disgruntle strongneg
disgruntled strongneg
disgust strongneg
disgusted strongneg
disgustedly strongneg
disgustful strongneg
disgustfully strongneg
disgusting strongneg
disgustingly strongneg
dishearten strongneg
disheartening strongneg
dishearteningly strongneg
dishonest strongneg
dishonestly strongneg
dishonesty strongneg
dishonor strongneg
dishonorable strongneg
dishonorablely strongneg
disillusion strongneg
disillusioned strongneg
disinclination strongneg
disinclined strongneg
disingenuous strongneg
disingenuously strongneg
disintegrate strongneg
disinterested strongneg
disintegration strongneg
disinterest strongneg
dislike strongneg
dislocated weakneg
disloyal strongneg
disloyalty strongneg
dismal strongneg
dismally strongneg
dismalness strongneg
dismay strongneg
dismayed strongneg
dismaying strongneg
dismayingly strongneg
dismissive strongneg
dismissively strongneg
disobedience strongneg
disobedient strongneg
disobey strongneg
disown strongneg
disorder strongneg
disordered strongneg
disorderly strongneg
disorganized strongneg
disorient weakneg
disoriented weakneg
disparage strongneg
disparaging strongneg
disparagingly strongneg
dispensable weakneg
dispirit strongneg
dispirited strongneg
dispiritedly strongneg
dispiriting strongneg
displace weakneg
displaced weakneg
displease strongneg
displeasing strongneg
displeasure strongneg
disposition neutral
disproportionate weakneg
disprove strongneg
disputable weakneg
dispute weakneg
disputed weakneg
disquiet strongneg
disquieting strongneg
disquietingly strongneg
disquietude strongneg
disregard weakneg
disregardful weakneg
disreputable weakneg
disrepute weakneg
disrespect strongneg
disrespectable strongneg
disrespectablity strongneg
disrespectful strongneg
disrespectfully strongneg
disrespectfulness strongneg
disrespecting strongneg
disrupt strongneg
disruption strongneg
disruptive strongneg
dissatisfaction strongneg
dissatisfactory strongneg
dissatisfied strongneg
dissatisfy strongneg
dissatisfying strongneg
dissemble weakneg
dissembler weakneg
dissension weakneg
dissent strongneg
dissenter weakneg
dissention weakneg
disservice strongneg
dissidence strongneg
dissident strongneg
dissidents strongneg
dissocial strongneg
dissolute strongneg
dissolution strongneg
dissonance strongneg
dissonant strongneg
dissonantly strongneg
dissuade strongneg
dissuasive strongneg
distaste strongneg
distasteful strongneg
distastefully strongneg
distinct weakpos
distinction weakpos
distinctive weakpos
distinctly neutral
distinguish strongpos
distinguished strongpos
distort strongneg
distortion strongneg
distract strongneg
distracting strongneg
distraction strongneg
distraught strongneg
distraughtly strongneg
distraughtness strongneg
distress strongneg
distressed strongneg
distressing strongneg
distressingly strongneg
distrust strongneg
distrustful strongneg
distrusting strongneg
disturb strongneg
disturbed strongneg
disturbed-let strongneg
disturbing strongneg
disturbingly strongneg
disunity strongneg
disvalue strongneg
divergent weakneg
diversified weakpos
divide weakneg
divided weakneg
divine weakpos
divinely weakpos
division weakneg
divisive strongneg
divisively strongneg
divisiveness strongneg
divorce weakneg
divorced weakneg
dizzy weakneg
dizzing weakneg
dizzingly weakneg
doddering strongneg
dodge weakpos
dodgey strongneg
dogged weakneg
doggedly weakneg
dogmatic strongneg
doldrums strongneg
dominance strongneg
dominant neutral
dominate weakneg
domination weakneg
domineer strongneg
domineering strongneg
doom strongneg
doomsday strongneg
dope strongneg
dote strongpos
dotingly strongpos
doubt strongneg
doubtful strongneg
doubtfully strongneg
doubtless weakpos
doubts strongneg
down strongneg
downbeat strongneg
downcast strongneg
downer strongneg
downfall strongneg
downfallen strongneg
downgrade weakneg
downhearted strongneg
downheartedly strongneg
downright neutral
downside strongneg
drab strongneg
draconian strongneg
draconic strongneg
dragon weakneg
dragons weakneg
dragoon strongneg
drain weakneg
drama weakneg
dramatic neutral
dramatically neutral
drastic strongneg
drastically weakneg
dread strongneg
dreadful strongneg
dreadfully strongneg
dreadfulness strongneg
dream weakpos
dreamland strongpos
dreams weakpos
dreamy strongpos
dreary strongneg
drive weakpos
driven weakpos
drones weakneg
droop weakneg
drought strongneg
drowning strongneg
drunk strongneg
drunkard strongneg
drunken strongneg
dubious strongneg
dubiously strongneg
dubitable strongneg
dud strongneg
dull strongneg
dullard strongneg
dumb strongneg
dumbfound weakneg
dumbfounded weakneg
dummy strongneg
dump strongneg
dunce strongneg
dungeon strongneg
dungeons strongneg
dupe strongneg
durable weakpos
durability weakpos
dusty weakneg
duty neutral
dwindle weakneg
dwindling weakneg
dynamic weakpos
dying strongneg
eager strongpos
eagerly strongpos
eagerness strongpos
earnest strongpos
earnestly strongpos
earnestness strongpos
earsplitting strongneg
ease strongpos
easier strongpos
easiest strongpos
easily strongpos
easiness strongpos
easy strongpos
easygoing strongpos
ebullience strongpos
ebullient strongpos
ebulliently strongpos
eccentric weakneg
eccentricity weakneg
eclectic weakpos
economical weakpos
ecstasies strongpos
ecstasy strongpos
ecstatic strongpos
ecstatically strongpos
edgy strongneg
edify weakpos
educable weakpos
educated weakpos
educational weakpos
effective strongpos
effectively neutral
effectiveness weakpos
effectual strongpos
efficacious strongpos
efficiency strongpos
efficient strongpos
effigy strongneg
effortless strongpos
effortlessly strongpos
effrontery strongneg
effusion strongpos
effusive strongpos
effusively strongpos
effusiveness strongpos
egalitarian weakpos
ego weakneg
egocentric strongneg
egomania strongneg
egotism strongneg
egotistical strongneg
egotistically strongneg
egregious strongneg
egregiously strongneg
ejaculate weakneg
elaborate neutral
elan strongpos
elate strongpos
elated strongpos
elatedly strongpos
elation strongpos
election-rigger strongneg
electrification weakpos
electrify weakpos
elegance strongpos
elegant strongpos
elegantly strongpos
elevate weakpos
elevated weakpos
eligible weakpos
eliminate strongneg
elimination strongneg
elite strongpos
eloquence strongpos
eloquent strongpos
eloquently strongpos
else neutral
emaciated strongneg
emancipate strongpos
emasculate strongneg
embarrass strongneg
embarrassing strongneg
embarrassingly strongneg
embarrassment strongneg
embattled weakneg
embellish weakpos
embodiment neutral
embolden strongpos
embrace strongpos
embroil strongneg
embroiled strongneg
embroilment strongneg
eminence strongpos
eminent strongpos
emotion neutral
emotional weakneg
emotions neutral
empathize weakneg
empathy weakneg
emphasise neutral
emphatic weakneg
emphatically weakneg
empower strongpos
empowerment strongpos
emptiness weakneg
empty strongneg
enable weakpos
enchant weakpos
enchanted weakpos
enchanting strongpos
enchantingly strongpos
encourage strongpos
encouragement strongpos
encouraging strongpos
encouragingly strongpos
encroach weakneg
encroachment weakneg
endanger strongneg
endear strongpos
endearing strongpos
endless strongneg
endorse strongpos
endorsement strongpos
endorser strongpos
endurable weakpos
endure weakpos
enduring weakpos
enemies strongneg
enemy strongneg
energetic strongpos
energize strongpos
enervate strongneg
enfeeble strongneg
enflame strongneg
engage neutral
engaging strongpos
engross neutral
engrossing strongpos
engulf weakneg
enhance strongpos
enhanced strongpos
enhancement strongpos
enjoin strongneg
enjoy strongpos
enjoyable strongpos
enjoyably strongpos
enjoyment strongpos
enlighten strongpos
enlightenment strongpos
enliven strongpos
enmity strongneg
ennoble weakpos
enormities weakneg
enormity weakneg
enormous weakneg
enormously weakneg
enough neutral
enrage strongneg
enraged strongneg
enrapt weakpos
enrapture strongpos
enraptured weakpos
enrich strongpos
enrichment strongpos
enslave strongneg
ensure weakpos
entangle strongneg
entanglement strongneg
enterprising strongpos
entertain weakpos
entertaining strongpos
enthral weakpos
enthrall weakpos
enthralled weakpos
enthuse strongpos
enthusiasm strongpos
enthusiast strongpos
enthusiastic strongpos
enthusiastically strongpos
entice strongpos
enticing strongpos
enticingly strongpos
entire neutral
entirely neutral
entrance weakpos
entranced weakpos
entrancing weakpos
entrap strongneg
entrapment strongneg
entreat weakpos
entreatingly weakpos
entrenchment neutral
entrust weakpos
enviable strongpos
enviably strongpos
envious strongneg
enviously strongneg
enviousness strongneg
envision weakpos
envisions weakpos
envy strongneg
epic weakpos
epidemic strongneg
epitome weakpos
equality strongpos
equitable strongpos
equivocal weakneg
eradicate strongneg
erase strongneg
erode strongneg
erosion strongneg
err strongneg
errant weakneg
erratic weakneg
erratically weakneg
erroneous strongneg
erroneously strongneg
error strongneg
erudite strongpos
escapade weakneg
eschew strongneg
esoteric weakneg
essential weakpos
especially weakpos
esteem strongpos
estranged strongneg
established weakpos
eternal weakneg
eternity weakpos
ethical strongpos
eulogize strongpos
euphoria strongpos
euphoric strongpos
euphorically strongpos
evaluate neutral
evaluation neutral
evade weakneg
evasion weakneg
evasive strongneg
even weakpos
evenly weakpos
eventful weakpos
everlasting strongpos
evident weakpos
evidently weakpos
evil strongneg
evildoer strongneg
evils strongneg
eviscerate strongneg
evocative strongpos
exacerbate strongneg
exact neutral
exacting weakneg
exactly neutral
exaggerate strongneg
exaggeration strongneg
exalt strongpos
exaltation strongpos
exalted strongpos
exaltedly strongpos
exalting strongpos
exaltingly strongpos
exasperate strongneg
exasperation strongneg
exasperating strongneg
exasperatingly strongneg
exceed strongpos
exceeding weakpos
exceedingly weakpos
excel strongpos
excellence strongpos
excellency strongpos
excellent strongpos
excellently strongpos
exceptional strongpos
exceptionally strongpos
excessive strongneg
excessively strongneg
excite strongpos
excited strongpos
excitedly strongpos
excitedness strongpos
excitement strongpos
exciting strongpos
excitingly strongpos
exclaim strongneg
exclude weakneg
exclusion weakneg
exclusive strongpos
exclusively neutral
excoriate strongneg
excruciating strongneg
excruciatingly strongneg
excusable weakpos
excuse weakneg
excuses weakneg
execrate strongneg
exemplar strongpos
exemplary strongpos
exhaust strongneg
exhaustion strongneg
exhaustive weakpos
exhaustively weakpos
exhilarate strongpos
exhilarating strongpos
exhilaratingly strongpos
exhilaration strongpos
exhort weakneg
exile strongneg
exonerate strongpos
exorbitant weakneg
exorbitantance strongneg
exorbitantly strongneg
expansive weakpos
expectation neutral
expedient weakneg
expediencies weakneg
expel strongneg
expensive strongneg
experienced weakpos
expert weakpos
expertly strongpos
expire strongneg
explicit weakpos
explicitly weakpos
explode strongneg
exploit strongneg
exploitation strongneg
expose weakneg
exposed weakneg
explosive strongneg
expound neutral
expression neutral
expressions neutral
expressive weakpos
expropriate strongneg
expropriation strongneg
expulse weakneg
expunge strongneg
exquisite strongpos
exquisitely strongpos
extemporize neutral
extensive neutral
extensively neutral
exterminate strongneg
extermination strongneg
extinguish strongneg
extol strongpos
extoll strongpos
extort strongneg
extortion strongneg
extraneous weakneg
extraordinarily weakpos
extraordinary weakpos
extravagance weakneg
extravagant weakneg
extravagantly weakneg
extreme weakneg
extremely weakneg
extremism strongneg
extremist strongneg
extremists strongneg
exuberance strongpos
exuberant strongpos
exuberantly strongpos
exult strongpos
exultation strongpos
exultingly strongpos
eyebrows neutral
fabricate weakneg
fabrication weakneg
fabulous strongpos
fabulously strongpos
facetious weakneg
facetiously weakneg
facilitate weakpos
fact neutral
facts neutral
factual neutral
fading weakneg
fail strongneg
failing strongneg
failure strongneg
failures strongneg
faint weakneg
fainthearted weakneg
fair strongpos
fairly weakpos
fairness strongpos
faith strongpos
faithful strongpos
faithfully strongpos
faithfulness strongpos
faithless strongneg
fake strongneg
fall weakneg
fallacies strongneg
fallacious strongneg
fallaciously strongneg
fallaciousness strongneg
fallacy strongneg
fallout strongneg
false weakneg
falsehood weakneg
falsely weakneg
falsify strongneg
falter strongneg
famed strongpos
familiar neutral
fame strongpos
famine strongneg
famished strongneg
famous strongpos
famously strongpos
fanatic weakneg
fanatical weakneg
fanatically weakneg
fanaticism weakneg
fanatics weakneg
fanciful weakneg
fancy strongpos
fanfare strongpos
fantastic strongpos
fantastically strongpos
fantasy strongpos
far-fetched strongneg
far-reaching neutral
farfetched strongneg
farce weakneg
farcical strongneg
farcical-yet-provocative strongneg
farcically strongneg
farsighted weakpos
fascinate weakpos
fascinating strongpos
fascinatingly strongpos
fascination strongpos
fascism strongneg
fascist strongneg
fashionable weakpos
fashionably weakpos
fast neutral
fast-growing weakpos
fast-paced weakpos
fastest-growing weakpos
fastidious weakneg
fastidiously weakneg
fastuous strongneg
fat weakneg
fatal strongneg
fatalistic strongneg
fatalistically strongneg
fatally strongneg
fateful weakneg
fatefully weakneg
fathom weakpos
fathomless strongneg
fatigue strongneg
fatty weakneg
fatuity strongneg
fatuous strongneg
fatuously strongneg
fault weakneg
faulty strongneg
favor strongpos
favorable strongpos
favored strongpos
favorite strongpos
fawn both
fawningly strongneg
favour strongpos
faze strongneg
fear strongneg
fearful strongneg
fearfully strongneg
fearless strongpos
fearlessly strongpos
fears strongneg
fearsome strongneg
feasible strongpos
feasibly strongpos
feat strongpos
featly strongpos
feckless strongneg
feeble strongneg
feeblely strongneg
feebleminded strongneg
feel neutral
feels neutral
felt neutral
feeling neutral
feelings neutral
feign weakneg
feint weakneg
feisty strongpos
felicitate strongpos
felicitous strongpos
felicity strongpos
fell strongneg
felon strongneg
felonious strongneg
ferocious strongneg
ferociously strongneg
ferocity strongneg
fertile strongpos
fervent strongpos
fervently strongpos
fervid strongpos
fervidly strongpos
fervor strongpos
feverish strongneg
festive strongpos
fetid strongneg
fever strongneg
fiasco strongneg
fiat strongneg
fib strongneg
fibber strongneg
fickle strongneg
fiction weakneg
fictional weakneg
fictitious weakneg
fidelity weakpos
fidget strongneg
fidgety strongneg
fiend strongneg
fiendish strongneg
fierce strongneg
fiery weakpos
fight strongneg
figurehead weakneg
filth strongneg
filthy strongneg
finagle weakneg
finally neutral
fine strongpos
finely strongpos
firm neutral
firmly neutral
first-class strongpos
first-rate strongpos
fissures weakneg
fist weakneg
fit weakpos
fitting strongpos
fixer neutral
flabbergast weakneg
flabbergasted weakneg
flagging strongneg
flagrant strongneg
flagrantly strongneg
flair strongpos
flak weakneg
flake strongneg
flakey strongneg
flaky strongneg
flame strongpos
flash weakneg
flashy weakneg
flat-out weakneg
flatter strongpos
flattering strongpos
flatteringly strongpos
flaunt weakneg
flaw strongneg
flaws strongneg
flawed strongneg
flawless strongpos
flawlessly strongpos
fleer strongneg
fleeting strongneg
flexible strongpos
flighty strongneg
flimflam strongneg
flimsy strongneg
flirt weakneg
flirty weakneg
floor neutral
floored weakneg
flounder strongneg
floundering strongneg
flourish strongpos
flourishing strongpos
flout strongneg
fluent strongpos
fluster strongneg
foe strongneg
fond strongpos
fondly strongpos
fondness strongpos
fool strongneg
foolhardy weakneg
foolish strongneg
foolishly strongneg
foolishness strongneg
foolproof strongpos
forbid strongneg
forbidden strongneg
forbidding strongneg
force strongneg
forceful strongneg
foreboding strongneg
forebodingly strongneg
foremost strongpos
forsee neutral
foresight weakpos
foretell neutral
forfeit weakneg
forgave weakpos
forged strongneg
forget weakneg
forgetful strongneg
forgetfully strongneg
forgetfulness strongneg
forgive weakpos
forgiven weakpos
forgiveness weakpos
forgiving strongpos
forgivingly strongpos
forlorn strongneg
forlornly strongneg
formidable strongneg
forsake strongneg
forsaken strongneg
forswear strongneg
forthright neutral
fortitude strongpos
fortress neutral
fortuitous strongpos
fortuitously strongpos
fortunate strongpos
fortunately strongpos
fortune strongpos
foul strongneg
foully strongneg
foulness strongneg
fractious strongneg
fractiously strongneg
fracture strongneg
fragile weakneg
fragmented weakneg
fragrant weakpos
frail weakneg
frank weakpos
frankly neutral
frantic strongneg
frantically strongneg
franticly strongneg
fraternize weakneg
fraud strongneg
fraudulent strongneg
fraught weakneg
freak strongneg
freakish strongneg
freakishly strongneg
frazzle strongneg
frazzled strongneg
free strongpos
freedom strongpos
freedoms strongpos
frenetic strongneg
frenetically strongneg
frenzied strongneg
frenzy strongneg
frequent neutral
fresh strongpos
fret strongneg
fretful strongneg
friction weakneg
frictions weakneg
friend strongpos
friendliness strongpos
friendly strongpos
friends strongpos
friendship strongpos
friggin strongneg
fright strongneg
frighten strongneg
frightening strongneg
frighteningly strongneg
frightful strongneg
frightfully strongneg
frigid strongneg
frivolous strongneg
frolic strongpos
frown strongneg
frozen strongneg
fruitful strongpos
fruitless strongneg
fruitlessly strongneg
fumble strongneg
fun strongneg
frustrate strongneg
frustrated strongneg
frustrating strongneg
frustratingly strongneg
frustration strongneg
fudge strongneg
fugitive strongneg
fulfillment strongpos
full neutral
fully neutral
full-blown weakneg
full-fledged weakpos
full-scale neutral
fulminate strongneg
fume weakneg
functional weakpos
fundamental neutral
fundamentally neutral
fundamentalism strongneg
funded neutral
funny strongpos
furious strongneg
furiously strongneg
furor strongneg
further neutral
furthermore neutral
fury strongneg
fuss weakneg
fustigate strongneg
fussy strongneg
fusty strongneg
futile strongneg
futilely strongneg
futility strongneg
fuzzy weakneg
gabble strongneg
gaff strongneg
gaffe strongneg
gaiety strongpos
gaily strongpos
gain strongpos
gainful strongpos
gainfully strongpos
gainsay strongneg
gainsayer strongneg
gaga strongneg
gaggle weakneg
gall strongneg
gallant strongpos
gallantly strongpos
galling strongneg
gallingly strongneg
galore strongpos
galvanize neutral
gamble weakneg
game weakneg
gape strongneg
garbage weakneg
garish strongneg
gasp weakneg
gauche strongneg
gaudy strongneg
gawk strongneg
gawky strongneg
geezer weakneg
gem weakpos
gems weakpos
generosity strongpos
generous strongpos
generously strongpos
genial strongpos
genius strongpos
genocide strongneg
gentle weakpos
genuine strongpos
germane weakpos
gestures neutral
get-rich strongneg
ghastly strongneg
ghetto strongneg
giant neutral
giants neutral
gibber strongneg
gibberish strongneg
gibe strongneg
giddy weakpos
gifted strongpos
gigantic neutral
glad strongpos
gladden strongpos
gladly strongpos
gladness strongpos
glamorous strongpos
glare strongneg
glaring strongneg
glaringly strongneg
glean neutral
glee strongpos
gleeful strongpos
gleefully strongpos
glib weakneg
glibly weakneg
glimmer weakpos
glimmering weakpos
glisten weakpos
glistening weakpos
glitch weakneg
glitter weakpos
gloat both
gloatingly strongneg
gloom strongneg
gloomy strongneg
glorify strongpos
glorious strongpos
gloriously strongpos
glory strongpos
gloss weakneg
glossy weakpos
glow weakpos
glower strongneg
glowing weakpos
glowingly weakpos
glum strongneg
glut strongneg
gnawing strongneg
go-ahead weakpos
goad strongneg
goading strongneg
god-awful strongneg
god-given weakpos
goddam strongneg
goddamn strongneg
godlike strongpos
gold strongpos
golden strongpos
good strongpos
goodly weakpos
goodness strongpos
goodwill strongpos
goof strongneg
gorgeous strongpos
gorgeously strongpos
gossip strongneg
grace strongpos
graceful strongpos
gracefully strongpos
graceless strongneg
gracelessly strongneg
gracious strongpos
graciously strongpos
graciousness strongpos
graft strongneg
grail strongpos
grand strongpos
grandeur weakpos
grandiose weakneg
grapple weakneg
grate weakneg
grateful strongpos
gratefully strongpos
gratification strongpos
gratify weakpos
gratifying strongpos
gratifyingly strongpos
grating weakneg
gratitude strongpos
gratuitous weakneg
gratuitously weakneg
grave strongneg
gravely strongneg
great weakpos
greatest weakpos
greatly neutral
greatness weakpos
greed strongneg
greedy strongneg
greet weakpos
grief strongneg
grievance strongneg
grievances strongneg
grieve strongneg
grieving strongneg
grievous strongneg
grievously strongneg
grill strongneg
grim strongneg
grimace strongneg
grin strongpos
grind weakneg
gripe strongneg
grisly strongneg
grit weakpos
gritty strongneg
groove strongpos
gross strongneg
grossly strongneg
grotesque strongneg
grouch strongneg
grouchy strongneg
groundbreaking strongpos
groundless weakneg
grouse strongneg
growing neutral
growl strongneg
grudge strongneg
grudges strongneg
grudging strongneg
grudgingly strongneg
gruesome strongneg
gruesomely strongneg
gruff weakneg
grumble strongneg
guarantee weakpos
guardian strongpos
guidance weakpos
guile strongneg
guilt strongneg
guiltless strongpos
guilty strongneg
guiltily strongneg
gullible weakneg
gush strongpos
gumption strongpos
gusto strongpos
gutsy strongpos
haggard strongneg
haggle weakneg
hail weakpos
halcyon strongpos
hale strongpos
halfhearted weakneg
halfheartedly weakneg
halfway neutral
hallowed strongpos
hallucinate strongneg
hallucination strongneg
halt neutral
hamper strongneg
hamstring strongneg
hamstrung strongneg
handicapped weakneg
handily strongpos
handsome strongpos
handy strongpos
hanker weakpos
hapless strongneg
haphazard weakneg
happily strongpos
happiness strongpos
happy strongpos
harangue strongneg
harass strongneg
harassment strongneg
harboring strongneg
harbors strongneg
hard strongneg
hard-hit strongneg
hard-line weakneg
hard-liner strongneg
hard-working strongpos
hardball weakneg
harden strongneg
hardened strongneg
hardheaded strongneg
hardhearted strongneg
hardier strongpos
hardliner strongneg
hardliners strongneg
hardly weakneg
hardship strongneg
hardships strongneg
hardy strongpos
harm strongneg
harmful strongneg
harmless weakpos
harmonious strongpos
harmoniously strongpos
harmonize strongpos
harmony strongpos
harms strongneg
harpy strongneg
harridan strongneg
harried weakneg
harrow strongneg
harsh strongneg
harshly strongneg
hassle strongneg
haste weakneg
hasty weakneg
hate strongneg
hater strongneg
hateful strongneg
hatefully strongneg
hatefulness strongneg
haughtily strongneg
haughty strongneg
hatred strongneg
haunt strongneg
haunting strongneg
haven strongpos
havoc strongneg
hawkish weakneg
hazard weakneg
hazardous strongneg
hazy weakneg
headache strongneg
headaches strongneg
headway strongpos
heady strongpos
heal strongpos
healthful strongpos
healthy strongpos
heart strongpos
heartbreak strongneg
heartbreaker strongneg
heartbreaking strongneg
heartbreakingly strongneg
hearten strongpos
heartening strongpos
heartfelt strongpos
heartily strongpos
heartless strongneg
heartrending strongneg
heartwarming strongpos
heathen strongneg
heaven strongpos
heavenly strongpos
heavily strongneg
heavy-duty neutral
heavy-handed strongneg
heavyhearted strongneg
heck strongneg
heckle strongneg
hectic strongneg
hedge weakneg
hedonistic strongneg
heedless strongneg
hefty neutral
hegemonism strongneg
hegemonistic weakneg
hegemony weakneg
heinous strongneg
hell strongneg
hell-bent strongneg
hellion strongneg
help weakpos
helpful strongpos
helpless strongneg
helplessly strongneg
helplessness strongneg
herald weakpos
heresy strongneg
heretic strongneg
heretical strongneg
hero strongpos
heroic strongpos
heroically strongpos
heroine strongpos
heroize strongpos
heros strongpos
hesitant weakneg
hideous strongneg
hideously strongneg
hideousness strongneg
high neutral
high-powered neutral
high-quality strongpos
highlight strongpos
hilarious strongpos
hilariously strongpos
hilariousness strongpos
hilarity strongpos
hinder strongneg
hindrance strongneg
historic strongpos
hm neutral
hmm neutral
hoard strongneg
hoax strongneg
hobble strongneg
hole strongneg
hollow weakneg
holy weakpos
homage strongpos
honest strongpos
honestly strongpos
honesty strongpos
honeymoon strongpos
honor strongpos
honorable strongpos
hoodwink strongneg
hope strongpos
hopeful strongpos
hopefully strongpos
hopefulness strongpos
hopeless strongneg
hopelessly strongneg
hopelessness strongneg
hopes strongpos
horde strongneg
horrendous strongneg
horrendously strongneg
horrible strongneg
horribly strongneg
horrid strongneg
horrific strongneg
horrifically strongneg
horrify strongneg
horrifying strongneg
horrifyingly strongneg
horror strongneg
horrors strongneg
hospitable strongpos
hostage strongneg
hostile strongneg
hostilities strongneg
hostility strongneg
hot strongpos
hothead strongneg
hotheaded strongneg
hotbeds weakneg
hothouse weakneg
however neutral
hubris strongneg
huckster strongneg
hug strongpos
huge neutral
humane strongpos
humanists weakpos
humanity weakpos
humankind weakpos
humble weakpos
humbling weakneg
humiliate strongneg
humiliating strongneg
humiliation strongneg
humility weakpos
humor weakpos
humorous strongpos
humorously strongpos
humour strongpos
humourous strongpos
hunger strongneg
hungry weakneg
hurt strongneg
hurtful strongneg
hustler weakneg
hypnotize neutral
hypocrisy strongneg
hypocrite strongneg
hypocrites strongneg
hypocritical strongneg
hypocritically strongneg
hysteria strongneg
hysteric strongneg
hysterical strongneg
hysterically strongneg
hysterics strongneg
icy strongneg
idea neutral
ideal strongpos
idealism weakpos
idealist weakpos
idealize strongpos
ideally strongpos
idiocies strongneg
idiocy strongneg
idiot strongneg
idiotic strongneg
idiotically strongneg
idiots strongneg
idle weakneg
idol weakpos
idolize weakpos
idolized weakpos
idyllic strongpos
ignite neutral
ignoble strongneg
ignominious strongneg
ignominiously strongneg
ignominy strongneg
ignore weakneg
ignorance strongneg
ignorant strongneg
ill weakneg
ill-advised strongneg
ill-conceived strongneg
ill-fated strongneg
ill-favored strongneg
ill-mannered strongneg
ill-natured strongneg
ill-sorted strongneg
ill-tempered strongneg
ill-treated strongneg
ill-treatment strongneg
ill-usage strongneg
ill-used strongneg
illegal strongneg
illegally strongneg
illegitimate strongneg
illicit strongneg
illiquid strongneg
illiterate strongneg
illness strongneg
illogic strongneg
illogical strongneg
illogically strongneg
illuminate strongpos
illuminati strongpos
illuminating strongpos
illumine strongpos
illusion strongneg
illusions strongneg
illusory strongneg
illustrious strongpos
imaginary weakneg
imagination neutral
imaginative weakpos
imagine neutral
imbalance strongneg
imbecile strongneg
imbroglio strongneg
immaculate strongpos
immaculately strongpos
immaterial weakneg
immature weakneg
immediate neutral
immediately neutral
immense neutral
immensely neutral
immensity neutral
immensurable neutral
imminence strongneg
imminent strongneg
imminently strongneg
immobilized strongneg
immoderate weakneg
immoderately weakneg
immodest weakneg
immoral strongneg
immorality strongneg
immorally strongneg
immovable weakneg
immune neutral
impair weakneg
impaired weakneg
impartial weakpos
impartiality weakpos
impartially weakpos
impasse strongneg
impassioned strongpos
impassive weakneg
impatience strongneg
impatient strongneg
impatiently strongneg
impeach strongneg
impeccable strongpos
impeccably strongpos
impede strongneg
impedance weakneg
impediment weakneg
impel strongpos
impending strongneg
impenitent strongneg
imperative neutral
imperatively neutral
imperfect strongneg
imperfectly strongneg
imperial weakpos
imperialist weakneg
imperil strongneg
imperious weakneg
imperiously weakneg
impermissible strongneg
impersonal strongneg
impertinent strongneg
imperturbable weakpos
impervious strongpos
impetuous strongneg
impetuously strongneg
impetus weakpos
impiety weakneg
impinge weakneg
impious weakneg
implacable strongneg
implausible strongneg
implausibly strongneg
implicate strongneg
implication strongneg
implicit neutral
implode strongneg
implore both
imploring both
imploringly both
imply neutral
impolite strongneg
impolitely strongneg
impolitic strongneg
importance weakpos
important weakpos
importantly weakpos
importunate strongneg
importune strongneg
impose strongneg
imposers weakneg
imposing strongneg
imposition weakneg
impossible strongneg
impossiblity strongneg
impossibly strongneg
impotent weakneg
impoverish strongneg
impoverished strongneg
impractical strongneg
imprecate strongneg
imprecise weakneg
imprecisely weakneg
imprecision weakneg
impregnable strongpos
impress weakpos
impression weakpos
impressions weakpos
impressive strongpos
impressively strongpos
impressiveness strongpos
imprison weakneg
imprisonment weakneg
improbability weakneg
improbable weakneg
improbably weakneg
improper strongneg
improperly strongneg
impropriety strongneg
improving strongpos
improve strongpos
improved strongpos
improvement strongpos
improvise weakpos
imprudence strongneg
imprudent strongneg
impudence strongneg
impudent strongneg
impudently strongneg
impugn strongneg
impulsive strongneg
impulsively strongneg
impunity strongneg
impure strongneg
impurity strongneg
inability strongneg
inaccessible weakneg
inaccuracy strongneg
inaccuracies strongneg
inaccurate strongneg
inaccurately strongneg
inaction weakneg
inactive weakneg
inadequacy strongneg
inadequate strongneg
inadequately strongneg
inadverent weakneg
inadverently weakneg
inadvisable weakneg
inadvisably weakneg
inalienable strongpos
inane strongneg
inanely strongneg
inappropriate strongneg
inappropriately strongneg
inapt strongneg
inaptitude strongneg
inarguable neutral
inarguably neutral
inarticulate strongneg
inattentive strongneg
incapable strongneg
incapably strongneg
incautious strongneg
incendiary strongneg
incense strongneg
incessant strongneg
incessantly strongneg
incisive strongpos
incisively strongpos
incisiveness strongpos
incite strongneg
incitement strongneg
incivility strongneg
inclement strongneg
inclination weakpos
inclinations weakpos
inclined weakpos
inclusive weakpos
incognizant weakneg
incoherence strongneg
incoherent strongneg
incoherently strongneg
incommensurate strongneg
incomparable weakneg
incomparably weakneg
incompatibility weakneg
incompatible strongneg
incompetence strongneg
incompetent strongneg
incompetently strongneg
incomplete strongneg
incompliant strongneg
incomprehensible strongneg
incomprehension strongneg
inconceivable strongneg
inconceivably strongneg
inconclusive weakneg
incongruous strongneg
incongruously strongneg
inconsequent strongneg
inconsequently strongneg
inconsequential strongneg
inconsequentially strongneg
inconsiderate strongneg
inconsiderately strongneg
inconsistence strongneg
inconsistencies strongneg
inconsistency strongneg
inconsistent strongneg
inconsolable strongneg
inconsolably strongneg
inconstant strongneg
incontestable weakpos
incontrovertible weakpos
inconvenience strongneg
inconvenient strongneg
inconveniently strongneg
incorrect strongneg
incorrectly strongneg
incorrigible strongneg
incorrigibly strongneg
incorruptible strongpos
increasing neutral
increasingly neutral
incredible strongpos
incredibly strongpos
incredulous weakneg
incredulously weakneg
inculcate weakneg
indebted weakpos
indecency strongneg
indecent strongneg
indecently strongneg
indecision weakneg
indecisive strongneg
indecisively strongneg
indecorum strongneg
indeed neutral
indefatigable strongpos
indefensible strongneg
indefinite weakneg
indefinitely weakneg
indelible weakpos
indelibly weakpos
indelicate strongneg
independence strongpos
independent strongpos
indescribable weakpos
indescribably weakpos
indestructible weakpos
indeterminable weakneg
indeterminably weakneg
indeterminate weakneg
indication neutral
indicative neutral
indifference strongneg
indifferent strongneg
indigent strongneg
indignant strongneg
indignantly strongneg
indignation strongneg
indignity strongneg
indirect neutral
indiscernible strongneg
indiscreet strongneg
indiscreetly strongneg
indiscretion strongneg
indiscriminate strongneg
indiscriminating strongneg
indiscriminately strongneg
indispensable weakpos
indispensability weakpos
indisposed strongneg
indisputable weakpos
indistinct weakneg
indistinctive weakneg
individuality strongpos
indoctrinate strongneg
indoctrination strongneg
indolent strongneg
indomitable strongpos
indomitably strongpos
indubitable weakpos
indubitably weakpos
indulge weakneg
indulgence weakpos
indulgent weakpos
industrious strongpos
ineffective strongneg
ineffectively strongneg
ineffectiveness strongneg
ineffectual strongneg
ineffectually strongneg
ineffectualness strongneg
inefficacious strongneg
inefficacy strongneg
inefficiency strongneg
inefficient strongneg
inefficiently strongneg
ineligible weakneg
inelegance strongneg
inelegant strongneg
ineloquent strongneg
ineloquently strongneg
inept strongneg
ineptitude strongneg
ineptly strongneg
inequalities strongneg
inequality strongneg
inequitable strongneg
inequitably strongneg
inequities strongneg
inertia weakneg
inescapable weakneg
inescapably weakneg
inessential strongneg
inestimable strongpos
inestimably strongpos
inevitable weakneg
inevitably weakneg
inexact weakneg
inexcusable strongneg
inexcusably strongneg
inexorable strongneg
inexorably strongneg
inexpensive weakpos
inexperience strongneg
inexperienced strongneg
inexpert weakneg
inexpertly weakneg
inexpiable strongneg
inexplainable weakneg
inexplicable weakneg
inextricable strongneg
inextricably strongneg
infallible strongpos
infallibly strongpos
infallibility strongpos
infamous strongneg
infamously strongneg
infamy strongneg
infatuated both
infected strongneg
infectious neutral
infer neutral
inference neutral
inferior strongneg
inferiority strongneg
infernal strongneg
infest strongneg
infested strongneg
infidel strongneg
infidels strongneg
infiltrator strongneg
infiltrators strongneg
infirm strongneg
inflame strongneg
inflammatory strongneg
inflated strongneg
inflationary weakneg
inflexible strongneg
inflict strongneg
influence neutral
influential strongpos
informational neutral
informative strongpos
infraction strongneg
infringe strongneg
infringement strongneg
infringements strongneg
infuriate strongneg
infuriated strongneg
infuriating strongneg
infuriatingly strongneg
ingenious strongpos
ingeniously strongpos
ingenuity strongpos
ingenuous strongpos
ingenuously strongpos
inglorious strongneg
ingrate strongneg
ingratiate weakpos
ingratiating weakpos
ingratiatingly weakpos
ingratitude strongneg
inherent neutral
inhibit weakneg
inhibition weakneg
inhospitable strongneg
inhospitality strongneg
inhuman strongneg
inhumane strongneg
inhumanity strongneg
inimical strongneg
inimically strongneg
iniquitous strongneg
iniquity strongneg
injudicious strongneg
injure strongneg
injurious strongneg
injury strongneg
injustice strongneg
injustices strongneg
inkling neutral
inklings neutral
innocence strongpos
innocent strongpos
innocently strongpos
innocuous weakpos
innovation strongpos
innovative strongpos
innumerable neutral
innumerably neutral
innumerous neutral
innuendo weakneg
inoffensive weakpos
inopportune strongneg
inordinate strongneg
inordinately strongneg
inquisitive weakpos
insane strongneg
insanely strongneg
insanity strongneg
insatiable weakneg
insecure strongneg
insecurity strongneg
insensible strongneg
insensitive strongneg
insensitively strongneg
insensitivity strongneg
insidious strongneg
insidiously strongneg
insight weakpos
insightful strongpos
insightfully strongpos
insights neutral
insignificance strongneg
insignificant strongneg
insignificantly strongneg
insincere strongneg
insincerely strongneg
insincerity strongneg
insinuate strongneg
insinuating strongneg
insinuation strongneg
insist weakpos
insistence weakpos
insistent weakpos
insistently weakpos
insociable strongneg
isolation weakneg
insolence strongneg
insolent strongneg
insolently strongneg
insolvent strongneg
insouciance weakneg
inspiration strongpos
inspirational strongpos
inspire strongpos
inspiring strongpos
instability strongneg
instable strongneg
instigate strongneg
instigator strongneg
instigators strongneg
instructive strongpos
instrumental weakpos
insubordinate strongneg
insubstantial strongneg
insubstantially strongneg
insufferable strongneg
insufferably strongneg
insufficiency strongneg
insufficient strongneg
insufficiently strongneg
insular strongneg
insult strongneg
insulted strongneg
insulting strongneg
insultingly strongneg
insupportable strongneg
insupportably strongneg
insurmountable strongneg
insurmountably strongneg
insurrection strongneg
intact weakpos
integral weakpos
integrity strongpos
intelligent strongpos
intelligence weakpos
intelligible strongpos
intend neutral
intense neutral
intensive neutral
intensively neutral
intent neutral
intention neutral
intentions neutral
intents neutral
intercede weakpos
interest strongpos
interested strongpos
interesting strongpos
interests strongpos
interfere strongneg
interference strongneg
intermittent weakneg
interrupt weakneg
interruption weakneg
intimacy weakpos
intimate weakpos
intimidate strongneg
intimidating strongneg
intimidatingly strongneg
intimidation strongneg
intolerable strongneg
intolerablely strongneg
intolerance strongneg
intolerant strongneg
intoxicate weakneg
intractable strongneg
intransigence strongneg
intransigent strongneg
intricate weakpos
intrigue weakpos
intriguing weakpos
intriguingly weakpos
intrude strongneg
intrusion strongneg
intrusive strongneg
intuitive weakpos
inundate strongneg
inundated strongneg
invader strongneg
invalid strongneg
invalidate strongneg
invalidity strongneg
invaluable strongpos
invaluablely strongpos
invasive strongneg
invective strongneg
inveigle strongneg
inventive strongpos
invidious strongneg
invidiously strongneg
invidiousness strongneg
invigorate strongpos
invigorating strongpos
invincibility strongpos
invincible strongpos
inviolable strongpos
inviolate strongpos
invisible neutral
invulnerable strongpos
involuntarily weakneg
involuntary weakneg
irate strongneg
irately strongneg
ire strongneg
irk strongneg
irksome strongneg
ironic weakneg
ironies weakneg
irony weakneg
irrational strongneg
irrationality strongneg
irrationally strongneg
irreconcilable strongneg
irredeemable strongneg
irredeemably strongneg
irreformable strongneg
irrefutable strongpos
irrefutably strongpos
irregardless neutral
irregular strongneg
irregularity weakneg
irrelevance strongneg
irrelevant strongneg
irreparable strongneg
irreplacible weakneg
irrepressible weakneg
irreproachable strongpos
irresistible strongpos
irresistibly strongpos
irresolute weakneg
irresolvable weakneg
irresponsible strongneg
irresponsibly strongneg
irretrievable weakneg
irreverence strongneg
irreverent strongneg
irreverently strongneg
irreversible weakneg
irritable strongneg
irritably strongneg
irritant strongneg
irritate strongneg
irritated strongneg
irritating strongneg
irritation strongneg
isolate strongneg
isolated strongneg
itch strongneg
jabber weakneg
jaded strongneg
jam strongneg
jar strongneg
jaundiced strongneg
jauntily strongpos
jaunty strongpos
jealous strongneg
jealously strongneg
jealousness strongneg
jealousy strongneg
jeer strongneg
jeering strongneg
jeeringly strongneg
jeers strongneg
jeopardize strongneg
jeopardy strongneg
jerk strongneg
jest weakpos
jittery weakneg
jobless strongneg
joke weakpos
joker strongneg
jollify strongpos
jolly strongpos
jolt strongneg
jovial strongpos
joy strongpos
joyful strongpos
joyfully strongpos
joyless strongpos
joyous strongpos
joyously strongpos
jubilant strongpos
jubilantly strongpos
jubilate strongpos
jubilation strongpos
judgement neutral
judgements neutral
judicious strongpos
judgment neutral
judgments neutral
jumpy weakneg
junk strongneg
junky strongneg
just strongpos
justice strongpos
justifiable strongpos
justifiably strongpos
justification strongpos
justify strongpos
justly strongpos
juvenile strongneg
kaput strongneg
keen weakpos
keenly weakpos
keenness weakpos
kemp weakpos
key neutral
kick weakneg
kid weakpos
kill strongneg
killer strongneg
killjoy strongneg
kind strongpos
kindly weakpos
kindliness strongpos
kindness strongpos
kingmaker weakpos
kiss strongpos
knave strongneg
knife strongneg
knock strongneg
knew neutral
know neutral
knowing neutral
knowingly neutral
knowledge neutral
knowledgeable weakpos
kook strongneg
kooky strongneg
lack strongneg
lackadaisical weakneg
lackey weakneg
lackeys weakneg
lacking strongneg
lackluster strongneg
laconic weakneg
lag strongneg
lambast strongneg
lambaste strongneg
lame strongneg
lame-duck strongneg
lament strongneg
lamentable strongneg
lamentably strongneg
languid weakneg
languish strongneg
lanky weakneg
languor weakneg
languorous weakneg
languorously weakneg
large neutral
large-scale neutral
lapse strongneg
largely neutral
lark weakpos
lascivious strongneg
last-ditch strongneg
lastly neutral
laud strongpos
laudable strongpos
laudably strongpos
laugh weakneg
laughable weakneg
laughably weakneg
laughingstock strongneg
laughter weakneg
lavish weakpos
lavishly weakpos
law-abiding strongpos
lawbreaker strongneg
lawbreaking strongneg
lawful strongpos
lawfully strongpos
lawless strongneg
lawlessness strongneg
lax strongneg
lazy strongneg
leading weakpos
leak weakneg
leakage weakneg
leaky weakneg
lean weakpos
learn neutral
learning weakpos
learned strongpos
least weakneg
lech strongneg
lecher strongneg
lecherous strongneg
lechery strongneg
lecture weakneg
leech strongneg
leer strongneg
leery strongneg
left-leaning weakneg
legacy neutral
legacies neutral
legalistic neutral
legendary strongpos
legitimacy strongpos
legitimate strongpos
legitimately strongpos
lenient weakpos
leniently weakpos
less weakneg
less-developed weakneg
less-expensive weakpos
lessen weakneg
lesser weakneg
lesser-known weakneg
letch strongneg
lethal strongneg
lethargic weakneg
lethargy weakneg
leverage weakpos
levity weakpos
lewd strongneg
lewdly strongneg
lewdness strongneg
liable weakneg
liability weakneg
liar strongneg
liars strongneg
liberal weakpos
liberation strongpos
liberalism weakpos
liberally weakpos
liberate strongpos
liberty strongpos
licentious strongneg
licentiously strongneg
licentiousness strongneg
lie strongneg
lier strongneg
lies strongneg
life-threatening strongneg
lifeblood strongpos
lifeless strongneg
lifelong weakpos
light strongpos
light-hearted strongpos
lighten strongpos
likable strongpos
like strongpos
likelihood neutral
likely neutral
liking strongpos
likewise neutral
limit weakneg
limitation weakneg
limited strongneg
limitless neutral
limp strongneg
lionhearted strongpos
listless strongneg
literate weakpos
litigious strongneg
little weakneg
little-known weakneg
live weakpos
lively strongpos
livid strongneg
lividly strongneg
loath strongneg
loathe strongneg
loathing strongneg
loathly strongneg
loathsome strongneg
loathsomely strongneg
lofty weakpos
logical strongpos
lone strongneg
loneliness strongneg
lonely strongneg
lonesome strongneg
long weakneg
longing weakneg
longingly weakneg
look neutral
looking neutral
loophole weakneg
loopholes weakneg
loot strongneg
lorn strongneg
losing strongneg
lose strongneg
loser strongneg
loss strongneg
lost strongneg
lousy strongneg
lovable strongpos
lovably strongpos
love strongpos
loveless strongneg
loveliness strongpos
lovelorn strongneg
lover strongpos
lovely strongpos
low strongneg
low-cost strongpos
low-rated weakneg
low-risk weakpos
lower-priced weakpos
lowly strongneg
loyal strongpos
loyalty weakpos
lucid strongpos
lucidly strongpos
luck strongpos
luckier strongpos
luckiest strongpos
luckily strongpos
luckiness strongpos
lucky strongpos
lucrative strongpos
ludicrous strongneg
ludicrously strongneg
lugubrious strongneg
lukewarm weakneg
lull weakneg
luminous strongpos
lunatic strongneg
lunaticism strongneg
lurch strongneg
lure strongneg
lurid strongneg
lurk strongneg
lurking strongneg
lush strongpos
lust both
luster strongpos
lustrous strongpos
luxuriant strongpos
luxuriate strongpos
luxurious strongpos
luxuriously strongpos
luxury strongpos
lying strongneg
lyrical strongpos
macabre strongneg
mad strongneg
madden strongneg
maddening strongneg
maddeningly strongneg
madder strongneg
madly strongneg
madman strongneg
madness strongneg
magic strongpos
magical strongpos
magnanimous strongpos
magnanimously strongpos
magnetic strongpos
magnificence strongpos
magnificent strongpos
magnificently strongpos
magnify weakpos
majestic strongpos
majesty strongpos
major neutral
maladjusted strongneg
maladjustment strongneg
malady strongneg
malaise strongneg
malcontent strongneg
malcontented strongneg
maledict strongneg
malevolence strongneg
malevolent strongneg
malevolently strongneg
malice strongneg
malicious strongneg
maliciously strongneg
maliciousness strongneg
malign strongneg
malignant strongneg
malodorous strongneg
maltreatment strongneg
manageable strongpos
maneuver weakneg
mangle strongneg
mania strongneg
maniac strongneg
maniacal strongneg
manic strongneg
manifest weakpos
manipulate strongneg
manipulation strongneg
manipulative strongneg
manipulators weakneg
manly strongpos
mannerly strongpos
mantra neutral
mar strongneg
marginal strongneg
marginally strongneg
martyrdom strongneg
martyrdom-seeking strongneg
marvel strongpos
marvellous strongpos
marvelous strongpos
marvelously strongpos
marvelousness strongpos
marvels strongpos
massacre strongneg
massacres strongneg
massive neutral
master weakpos
masterful strongpos
masterfully strongpos
masterpiece strongpos
masterpieces strongpos
masters weakpos
mastery weakpos
matchless strongpos
matter neutral
mature strongpos
maturely strongpos
maturity strongpos
maverick strongneg
mawkish strongneg
mawkishly strongneg
mawkishness strongneg
maxi-devaluation strongneg
maximize strongpos
maybe neutral
meager strongneg
mean weakneg
meaningful strongpos
meaningless strongneg
meanness strongneg
meddle strongneg
meddlesome strongneg
mediocre strongneg
mediocrity strongneg
meek weakpos
melancholy strongneg
mellow strongpos
melodramatic strongneg
melodramatically strongneg
memorable weakpos
memorialize weakpos
memories neutral
menace strongneg
menacing strongneg
menacingly strongneg
mend strongpos
mendacious weakneg
mendacity weakneg
menial strongneg
mentality neutral
mentor weakpos
merciful strongpos
mercifully strongpos
merciless strongneg
mercilessly strongneg
mercy strongpos
mere strongneg
merely strongneg
merit strongpos
meritorious strongpos
merrily strongpos
merriment strongpos
merriness strongpos
merry strongpos
mesmerize strongpos
mesmerizing strongpos
mesmerizingly strongpos
mess strongneg
messy strongneg
metaphorize neutral
meticulous weakpos
meticulously weakpos
midget weakneg
miff strongneg
might neutral
mightily strongpos
mighty strongpos
mild weakpos
militancy strongneg
mind weakneg
mindful strongpos
mindless strongneg
mindlessly strongneg
minister strongpos
minor neutral
miracle strongpos
miracles strongpos
miraculous strongpos
miraculously strongpos
miraculousness strongpos
mirage strongneg
mire strongneg
mirth strongpos
misapprehend strongneg
misbecoming strongneg
misbecome strongneg
misbegotten strongneg
misbehave strongneg
misbehavior strongneg
miscalculate strongneg
miscalculation weakneg
mischief strongneg
mischievous strongneg
mischievously strongneg
misconception strongneg
misconceptions strongneg
miscreant strongneg
miscreants strongneg
misdirection strongneg
miser strongneg
miserly strongneg
miserable strongneg
miserableness strongneg
miserably strongneg
miseries strongneg
misery strongneg
misfit strongneg
misfortune strongneg
misgiving strongneg
misgivings strongneg
misguidance strongneg
misguide strongneg
misguided strongneg
mishandle strongneg
mishap strongneg
misinform strongneg
misinformed strongneg
misinterpret strongneg
misjudge strongneg
misjudgment strongneg
mislead strongneg
misleading strongneg
misleadingly strongneg
mislike strongneg
mismanage strongneg
misread strongneg
misreading strongneg
misrepresent strongneg
misrepresentation strongneg
miss weakneg
misstatement strongneg
mistake strongneg
mistaken strongneg
mistakenly strongneg
mistakes strongneg
mistrust strongneg
mistrustful strongneg
mistrustfully strongneg
misunderstand weakneg
misunderstood weakneg
misunderstanding weakneg
misunderstandings weakneg
misuse strongneg
mm neutral
moan strongneg
mock strongneg
mockeries strongneg
mockery strongneg
mocking strongneg
mockingly strongneg
moderate weakpos
moderation weakpos
modern weakpos
modest strongpos
modesty strongpos
molest strongneg
molestation strongneg
mollify weakpos
momentous strongpos
monotonous weakneg
monotony weakneg
monster strongneg
monstrosities strongneg
monstrosity strongneg
monstrous strongneg
monstrously strongneg
monumental strongpos
monumentally strongpos
moody strongneg
moon strongneg
moot strongneg
mope strongneg
moral weakpos
morality weakpos
moralize weakpos
morbid strongneg
morbidly strongneg
mordant strongneg
mordantly strongneg
moreover neutral
moribund strongneg
mortification strongneg
mortified strongneg
mortify strongneg
mortifying strongneg
most neutral
mostly neutral
motionless weakneg
motivate weakpos
motivated weakpos
motivation weakpos
motive neutral
motley strongneg
mourn strongneg
mourner strongneg
mournful strongneg
mournfully strongneg
move neutral
moving weakpos
much neutral
muddle strongneg
muddy strongneg
mudslinger strongneg
mudslinging strongneg
mulish strongneg
multi-polarization weakneg
mum neutral
mundane strongneg
murder strongneg
murderous strongneg
murderously strongneg
murky strongneg
muscle-flexing strongneg
must neutral
myriad weakpos 
mysterious strongneg
mysteriously strongneg
mystery weakneg
mystify weakneg
mistified weakneg
myth weakneg
nag strongneg
nagging strongneg
naive strongneg
naively strongneg
nap neutral
narrow weakneg
narrower weakneg
nascent neutral
nastily strongneg
nastiness strongneg
nasty strongneg
nationalism weakneg
natural strongpos
naturally strongpos
nature neutral
naughty strongneg
nauseate strongneg
nauseating strongneg
nauseatingly strongneg
navigable weakpos
neat strongpos
neatly strongpos
nebulous weakneg
nebulously weakneg
necessarily weakpos
necessary weakpos
need weakneg
needful neutral
needfully neutral
needless strongneg
needlessly strongneg
needs neutral
needy strongneg
nefarious strongneg
nefariously strongneg
negate strongneg
negation strongneg
negative strongneg
neglect strongneg
neglected strongneg
negligent strongneg
negligence strongneg
negligible weakneg
nemesis weakneg
nettle strongneg
nettlesome strongneg
nevertheless neutral
nervous strongneg
nervously strongneg
nervousness strongneg
neurotic strongneg
neurotically strongneg
neutralize weakpos
nice weakpos
nicely strongpos
nifty strongpos
niggle strongneg
nightmare strongneg
nightmarish strongneg
nightmarishly strongneg
nimble strongpos
nix strongneg
noble strongpos
nobly strongpos
noisy strongneg
non-confidence strongneg
non-violence strongpos
non-violent strongpos
nonexistent weakneg
nonsense strongneg
nonviolent neutral
normal strongpos
nosey strongneg
notable weakpos
notably weakpos
noteworthy strongpos
noticeable weakpos
notion neutral
notorious strongneg
notoriously strongneg
novel weakpos
nourish strongpos
nourishing strongpos
nourishment strongpos
nuance neutral
nuances neutral
nuisance strongneg
numb weakneg
nurture weakpos
nurturing weakpos
oasis strongpos
obedience strongpos
obedient strongpos
obediently strongpos
obey strongpos
obese strongneg
object strongneg
objection weakneg
objectionable strongneg
objections strongneg
objective strongpos
objectively strongpos
obligation neutral
obliged weakpos
oblique strongneg
obliterate strongneg
obliterated strongneg
oblivious strongneg
obnoxious strongneg
obnoxiously strongneg
obscene strongneg
obscenely strongneg
obscenity strongneg
obscure strongneg
obscurity weakneg
obsess strongneg
obsession strongneg
obsessions strongneg
obsessive strongneg
obsessively strongneg
obsessiveness strongneg
obsolete strongneg
obstacle strongneg
obstinate strongneg
obstinately strongneg
obstruct strongneg
obstruction strongneg
obtrusive strongneg
obtuse strongneg
obviate weakpos
obvious neutral
obviously weakneg
odd weakneg
odder weakneg
oddest weakneg
oddities weakneg
oddity weakneg
oddly weakneg
offbeat weakpos
offence strongneg
offend strongneg
offending strongneg
offenses strongneg
offensive weakneg
offensively strongneg
offensiveness strongneg
officious strongneg
offset weakpos
oh neutral
okay weakpos
olympic neutral
ominous weakneg
ominously weakneg
omission weakneg
omit weakneg
one-side strongneg
one-sided strongneg
onerous strongneg
onerously strongneg
onslaught strongneg
onward weakpos
open weakpos
openly weakpos
open-ended neutral
openness weakpos
opinion neutral
opinionated strongneg
opinions neutral
opponent strongneg
opportune strongpos
opportunity strongpos 
opportunistic strongneg
oppose strongneg
opposition strongneg
oppositions strongneg
oppress strongneg
oppression strongneg
oppressive strongneg
oppressively strongneg
oppressiveness strongneg
oppressors strongneg
optimal strongpos
optimism strongpos
optimistic strongpos
opulent weakpos
ordeal strongneg
orderly strongpos
original strongpos
originality strongpos
orphan strongneg
orthodoxy neutral
ostracize strongneg
ought neutral
outbreak strongneg
outburst strongneg
outbursts strongneg
outcast strongneg
outcry strongneg
outdated strongneg
outdo strongpos
outgoing weakpos
outlaw strongneg
outlook neutral
outmoded strongneg
outrage strongneg
outraged strongneg
outrageous strongneg
outrageously strongneg
outrageousness strongneg
outrages strongneg
outright neutral
outshine strongpos
outsider strongneg
outsmart strongpos
outspoken neutral
outstanding strongpos
outstandingly strongpos
outstrip strongpos
outwit strongpos
ovation strongpos
over-acted strongneg
over-valuation strongneg
overachiever strongpos
overact strongneg
overacted strongneg
overawe strongneg
overbalance weakneg
overbalanced weakneg
overbearing strongneg
overbearingly strongneg
overblown strongneg
overcome weakneg
overdo strongneg
overdone strongneg
overdue strongneg
overemphasize strongneg
overjoyed strongpos
overkill strongneg
overlook strongneg
overplay strongneg
overpower weakneg
overreach weakneg
overrun weakneg
overshadow weakneg
oversight weakneg
oversimplification weakneg
oversimplified weakneg
oversimplify weakneg
oversized weakneg
overstate strongneg
overstatement strongneg
overstatements strongneg
overt neutral
overtaxed strongneg
overthrow strongneg
overturn weakneg
overture weakpos
overtures neutral
overwhelm strongneg
overwhelming strongneg
overwhelmingly strongneg
overworked strongneg
overzealous strongneg
overzealously strongneg
pacifist strongpos
pacifists strongpos
pacify neutral
pain weakneg
painful strongneg
painfully strongneg
painless strongpos
painlessly strongpos
pains weakneg
painstaking strongpos
painstakingly strongpos
palatable strongpos
palatial strongpos
pale strongneg
palliate weakpos
paltry strongneg
pamper weakpos
pan strongneg
pandemonium strongneg
panic strongneg
panicky strongneg
paradise strongpos
paradoxical weakneg
paradoxically weakneg
paralize strongneg
paralyzed strongneg
paramount strongpos
paranoia strongneg
paranoid strongneg
parasite strongneg
pardon weakpos
pariah strongneg
parody strongneg
partiality weakneg
particular neutral
particularly neutral
partisan weakneg
partisans weakneg
passe strongneg
passion strongpos
passionate strongpos
passionately strongpos
passive weakneg
passiveness weakneg
pathetic strongneg
pathetically strongneg
patience strongpos
patient weakpos
patiently strongpos
patriot strongpos
patriotic strongpos
patronize strongneg
paucity strongneg
pauper strongneg
paupers strongneg
payback weakneg
peace strongpos
peaceable strongpos
peaceful strongpos
peacefully strongpos
peacekeepers weakpos
peculiar strongneg
peculiarly strongneg
pedantic strongneg
pedestrian weakneg
peerless strongpos
peeve strongneg
peeved strongneg
peevish strongneg
peevishly strongneg
penalize strongneg
penalty strongneg
penetrating strongpos
penitent weakpos
perceptions neutral
perceptive strongpos
perfect strongpos
perfection strongpos
perfectly strongpos
perfidious strongneg
perfidity strongneg
perfunctory weakneg
perhaps neutral
peril strongneg
perilous strongneg
perilously strongneg
peripheral weakneg
perish strongneg
permissible weakpos
pernicious strongneg
perplex strongneg
perplexed strongneg
perplexing strongneg
perplexity strongneg
persecute strongneg
persecution strongneg
perseverance strongpos
persevere strongpos
persistence neutral
persistent weakpos
personages weakpos
personality weakpos
perspective neutral
perspicuous strongpos
perspicuously strongpos
persuade weakpos
persuasive weakpos
persuasively weakpos
pertinacious weakneg
pertinaciously weakneg
pertinacity weakneg
pertinent strongpos
perturb weakneg
perturbed strongneg
pervasive weakneg
perverse strongneg
perversely strongneg
perversion strongneg
perversity strongneg
pervert strongneg
perverted strongneg
pessimism strongneg
pessimistic strongneg
pessimistically strongneg
pest strongneg
pestilent strongneg
petrify strongneg
petrified strongneg
pettifog strongneg
petty strongneg
phenomenal strongpos
phenomenally weakpos
philosophize neutral
phobia strongneg
phobic strongneg
phony strongneg
picky weakneg
picturesque strongpos
piety strongpos
pillage strongneg
pillar strongpos
pillory weakneg
pinch weakneg
pine strongneg
pinnacle strongpos
pious strongpos
pique strongneg
pithy weakpos
pitiable strongneg
pitiful strongneg
pitifully strongneg
pitiless strongneg
pitilessly strongneg
pittance strongneg
pity strongneg
pivotal neutral
placate weakpos
placid weakpos
plagiarize strongneg
plague strongneg
plain weakpos
plainly weakpos
plausibility weakpos
plausible weakpos
player neutral
playful strongpos
playfully strongpos
plaything strongneg
plead both
pleading both
pleadingly both
plea weakneg
pleas weakneg
pleasant strongpos
pleasantly strongpos
please strongpos
pleased strongpos
pleasing strongpos
pleasingly strongpos
pleasurable strongpos
pleasurably strongpos
pleasure strongpos
plebeian strongneg
pledge weakpos
pledges weakpos
plenary neutral
plentiful strongpos
plenty strongpos
plight strongneg
plot weakneg
plotters weakneg
ploy weakneg
plunder strongneg
plunderer strongneg
plush strongpos
poetic strongpos
poeticize strongpos
poignant weakpos
point neutral
pointless strongneg
pointlessly strongneg
poise strongpos
poised strongpos
poison strongneg
poisonous strongneg
poisonously strongneg
polarisation weakneg
polemize strongneg
polished weakpos
polite strongpos
politeness strongpos
pollute strongneg
polluter strongneg
polluters strongneg
polution strongneg
pompous strongneg
ponder neutral
poor strongneg
poorly strongneg
popular weakpos
popularity weakpos
portable weakpos
posh weakpos
position neutral
positive weakpos
positiveness strongpos
positively strongpos
possibility neutral
possible neutral
possibly neutral
posterity weakpos
posture neutral
posturing weakneg
potent strongpos
potential weakpos
pout strongneg
poverty strongneg
power neutral
powerful weakpos
powerfully weakpos
powerless strongneg
practicable weakpos
practical weakpos
practically neutral
pragmatic weakpos
praise strongpos
praiseworthy strongpos
praising strongpos
prate strongneg
pratfall strongneg
prattle strongneg
pray neutral
pre-eminent weakpos
preach weakpos
preaching weakpos
precarious weakneg
precariously weakneg
precaution strongpos
precautions strongpos
precedent weakpos
precious weakpos
precipitate weakneg
precipitous weakneg
precise weakpos
precisely weakpos
precision weakpos
predatory strongneg
predicament strongneg
predictable neutral
predictablely neutral
predominant neutral
preeminent weakpos
preemptive weakpos
prefer strongpos
preferable strongpos
preferably strongpos
preference weakpos
preferences strongpos
prejudge strongneg
prejudice strongneg
prejudicial strongneg
premeditated weakneg
premier strongpos
premium weakpos
preoccupy weakneg
prepared weakpos
preponderance weakpos
preposterous strongneg
preposterously strongneg
press weakpos
pressing weakneg
pressure neutral
pressures neutral
prestige strongpos
prestigious strongpos
presumably neutral
presume weakneg
presumptuous strongneg
presumptuously strongneg
pretence weakneg
pretend weakneg
pretense weakneg
pretentious strongneg
pretentiously strongneg
prettily strongpos
pretty weakpos
prevalent neutral
prevaricate strongneg
priceless strongpos
pricey strongneg
prickle weakneg
prickles weakneg
pride strongpos
prideful strongneg
primarily neutral
primary neutral
prime neutral
primitive weakneg
principle weakpos
principled weakpos
prison weakneg
prisoner weakneg
privilege weakpos
privileged weakpos
prize weakpos
pro strongpos
pro-American strongpos
pro-Beijing strongpos
pro-Cuba strongpos
pro-peace strongpos
proactive strongpos
problem strongneg
problematic strongneg
problems strongneg
proclaim neutral
procrastinate strongneg
procrastination strongneg
prodigious weakpos
prodigiously weakpos
prodigy strongpos
productive strongpos
profane strongneg
profanity strongneg
profess strongpos
proficient strongpos
proficiently strongpos
profit weakpos
profitable strongpos
profound strongpos
profoundly strongpos
profuse strongpos
profusely strongpos
profusion strongpos
prognosticate neutral
progress weakpos
progressive weakpos
prohibit strongneg
prohibitive strongneg
prohibitively strongneg
prolific weakpos
prominent weakpos
prominence weakpos
promise weakpos
promising weakpos
promoter weakpos
prompt strongpos
promptly strongpos
propaganda strongneg
propagandize strongneg
proper strongpos
properly strongpos
prophesy neutral
propitious strongpos
propitiously strongpos
proportionate neutral
proportionately neutral
proscription strongneg
proscriptions strongneg
prosecute weakneg
prospect weakpos
prospects weakpos
prosper strongpos
prosperity strongpos
prosperous strongpos
protect strongpos
protection strongpos
protective strongpos
protector weakpos
protest strongneg
protests strongneg
protracted weakneg
proud strongpos
prove neutral
providence strongpos
provocation strongneg
provocative strongneg
provoke strongneg
prowess strongpos
prudence strongpos
prudent strongpos
prudently strongpos
pry strongneg
pugnacious weakneg
pugnaciously weakneg
pugnacity weakneg
punch strongneg
punctual strongpos
pundits weakpos
punish strongneg
punishable strongneg
punitive strongneg
puny strongneg
puppet weakneg
puppets weakneg
pure strongpos
purification strongpos
purify strongpos
purity strongpos
purposeful strongpos
puzzle weakneg
puzzled weakneg
puzzlement weakneg
puzzling weakneg
quack strongneg
quaint strongpos
qualified strongpos
qualify weakpos
qualms strongneg
quandary strongneg
quarrel strongneg
quarrellous strongneg
quarrellously strongneg
quarrels strongneg
quarrelsome strongneg
quash weakneg
quasi-ally weakpos
queer weakneg
quench strongpos
questionable strongneg
quibble strongneg
quicken strongpos
quick neutral
quiet neutral
quit strongneg
quite neutral
quitter strongneg
racism strongneg
racist strongneg
racists strongneg
rack strongneg
radiance strongpos
radiant strongpos
radical weakneg
radicalization weakneg
radically weakneg
radicals weakneg
rage strongneg
ragged strongneg
raging strongneg
rail weakneg
rally strongpos
rampage strongneg
rampant strongneg
ramshackle strongneg
rancor strongneg
rank strongneg
rankle strongneg
rant strongneg
ranting strongneg
rantingly strongneg
rapid neutral
rapprochement strongpos
rapport strongpos
rapt strongpos
rapture strongpos
raptureous strongpos
raptureously strongpos
rapturous strongpos
rapturously strongpos
rare neutral
rarely neutral
rascal strongneg
rash strongneg
rat strongneg
rather neutral
rational weakpos
rationality weakpos
rationalize weakneg
rattle weakneg
ravage strongneg
rave weakpos
raving weakneg
re-conquest weakpos
react neutral
reaction neutral
reactionary strongneg
reactions neutral
readiness neutral
readily weakpos
ready weakpos
reaffirm strongpos
reaffirmation strongpos
real weakpos
realist weakpos
realistic weakpos
realistically weakpos
realization neutral
really neutral
reason strongpos
reasonable strongpos
reasonably strongpos
reasoned strongpos
reassurance strongpos
reassure strongpos
rebellious strongneg
rebuff strongneg
rebuke strongneg
recalcitrant strongneg
recant strongneg
receptive weakpos
recession weakneg
recessionary weakneg
reckless strongneg
recklessly strongneg
recklessness strongneg
reclaim weakpos
recognition weakpos
recognizable neutral
recoil strongneg
recommend weakpos
recommendation weakpos
recommendations weakpos
recommended weakpos
recompense weakpos
reconcile weakpos
reconciliation weakpos
record-setting strongpos
recourses weakneg
recover weakpos
rectification weakpos
rectify weakpos
rectifying weakpos
redeem strongpos
redeeming strongpos
redemption strongpos
redundancy weakneg
redundant weakneg
reestablish weakpos
refine weakpos
refined strongpos
refinement weakpos
reflecting neutral
reflective neutral
reform strongpos
refresh strongpos
refreshing strongpos
refuge strongpos
refusal strongneg
refuse strongneg
refutation strongneg
refute strongneg
regal strongpos
regally strongpos
regard strongpos
regardless neutral
regardlessly neutral
regress weakneg
regression weakneg
regressive weakneg
regret strongneg
regretful strongneg
regretfully strongneg
regrettable strongneg
regrettably strongneg
rehabilitate weakpos
rehabilitation weakpos
reinforce weakpos
reinforcement weakpos
reiterate neutral
reiterated neutral
reiterates neutral
reject strongneg
rejection strongneg
rejoice strongpos
rejoicing strongpos
rejoicingly strongpos
relapse strongneg
relations neutral
relax strongpos
relaxed strongpos
relent weakpos
relentless strongneg
relentlessly strongneg
relentlessness strongneg
relevant strongpos
relevance strongpos
reliable strongpos
reliability strongpos
reliably strongpos
relief strongpos
relieve strongpos
relish weakpos
reluctance strongneg
reluctant strongneg
reluctantly strongneg
remark neutral
remarkable strongpos
remarkably strongpos
remedy strongpos
reminiscent weakpos
remorse strongneg
remorseful strongneg
remorsefully strongneg
remorseless strongneg
remorselessly strongneg
remorselessness strongneg
remunerate weakpos
renaissance strongpos
renewable neutral
renewal weakpos
renovate strongpos
renovation strongpos
renounce strongneg
renown strongpos
renowned weakpos
renunciation strongneg
repair weakpos
reparation weakpos
repay weakpos
repel strongneg
repent strongpos
repentance strongpos
repetitive weakneg
replete neutral
reprehensible strongneg
reprehensibly strongneg
reprehension strongneg
reprehensive strongneg
repress strongneg
repression strongneg
repressive strongneg
reprimand strongneg
reproach strongneg
reproachful strongneg
reprove strongneg
reprovingly strongneg
repudiate strongneg
repudiation strongneg
repugn strongneg
repugnance strongneg
repugnant strongneg
repugnantly strongneg
repulse strongneg
repulsed strongneg
repulsing strongneg
repulsive strongneg
repulsively strongneg
repulsiveness strongneg
reputable strongpos
reputed neutral
rescue strongpos
resent strongneg
resentful strongneg
resentment strongneg
reservations weakneg
resignation weakneg
resigned strongneg
resilient strongpos
resistance strongneg
resistant strongneg
resolute weakpos
resolve weakpos
resolved weakpos
resound strongpos
resounding strongpos
resourceful strongpos
resourcefulness strongpos
respect strongpos
respectable strongpos
respectful strongpos
respectfully strongpos
respite strongpos
resplendent strongpos
responsibility weakpos
responsible weakpos
responsibly weakpos
responsive strongpos
restful strongpos
restless strongneg
restlessness strongneg
restoration weakpos
restore weakpos
restraint weakpos
restrict weakneg
restricted weakneg
restriction weakneg
restrictive strongneg
resurgent strongpos
retaliate strongneg
retaliatory strongneg
retard strongneg
reticent weakneg
retire weakneg
retract weakneg
retreat weakneg
reunite weakpos
reveal neutral
revealing neutral
revel strongpos
revelation weakpos
revelatory neutral
revenge strongneg
revengeful strongneg
revengefully strongneg
revere strongpos
reverence strongpos
reverent strongpos
reverently strongpos
revert weakneg
revival weakpos
revive weakpos
revile strongneg
reviled strongneg
revitalize strongpos
revoke strongneg
revolt strongneg
revolting strongneg
revoltingly strongneg
revolution weakpos
revulsion strongneg
revulsive strongneg
reward strongpos
rewarding strongpos
rewardingly strongpos
rhapsodize strongneg
rhetoric weakneg
rhetorical weakneg
rich weakpos
riches strongpos
richly strongpos
richness strongpos
rid strongneg
ridicule strongneg
ridiculous strongneg
ridiculously strongneg
rife weakneg
rift weakneg
rifts weakneg
right weakpos
righten weakpos
righteous strongpos
righteously strongpos
righteousness strongpos
rightful strongpos
rightfully strongpos
rightly strongpos
rightness strongpos
rights weakpos
rigid weakneg
rigor weakneg
rigorous weakneg
rile strongneg
riled strongneg
ripe strongpos
risk weakneg
risk-free strongpos
risky weakneg
rival weakneg 
rivalry weakneg 
roadblocks weakneg
robust strongpos
rocky weakneg
rogue strongneg
rollercoaster strongneg
romantic weakpos
romantically weakpos
romanticize weakpos
rosy strongpos
rot strongneg
rotten weakneg
rough weakneg
rousing strongpos
rubbish strongneg
rude strongneg
rue strongneg
ruffian strongneg
ruffle strongneg
ruin strongneg
ruinous strongneg
rumbling weakneg
rumor weakneg
rumors weakneg
rumours weakneg
rumple strongneg
run-down strongneg
runaway strongneg
rupture strongneg
rusty strongneg
ruthless strongneg
ruthlessly strongneg
ruthlessness strongneg
sabotage strongneg
sacred strongpos
sacrifice weakneg
sad strongneg
sadden strongneg
sadly strongneg
sadness strongneg
safe strongpos
safeguard strongpos
sag weakneg
sagacity strongpos
sage strongpos
sagely strongpos
saint strongpos
saintliness strongpos
saintly strongpos
salable weakpos
salacious strongneg
salivate strongpos
salutary strongpos
salute strongpos
salvation strongpos
sanctimonious weakneg
sanctify strongpos
sanction weakpos
sanctity strongpos
sanctuary strongpos
sanguine weakpos
sane strongpos
sanity strongpos
sap weakneg
sarcasm strongneg
sarcastic strongneg
sarcastically strongneg
sardonic strongneg
sardonically strongneg
sass strongneg
satirical strongneg
satirize strongneg
satisfaction strongpos
satisfactorily strongpos
satisfactory strongpos
satisfy strongpos
satisfying strongpos
savage strongneg
savaged strongneg
savagely strongneg
savagery strongneg
savages strongneg
savor strongpos
savvy weakpos
scandal strongneg
scandalize strongneg
scandalized strongneg
scandalous strongneg
scandalously strongneg
scandals strongneg
scant strongneg
scapegoat strongneg
scar strongneg
scarred strongneg
scarce strongneg
scarcely strongneg
scarcity strongneg
scare strongneg
scared strongneg
scarier strongneg
scariest strongneg
scarily strongneg
scars strongneg
scary strongneg
scathing strongneg
scathingly strongneg
scenic strongpos
scheme weakneg
scheming weakneg
scholarly neutral
scoff strongneg
scoffingly strongneg
scold strongneg
scolding strongneg
scoldingly strongneg
scorching strongneg
scorchingly strongneg
scorn strongneg
scornful strongneg
scornfully strongneg
scoundrel strongneg
scourge strongneg
scowl strongneg
scream strongneg
screaming neutral
screamingly neutral
screech strongneg
screw strongneg
scruples strongpos
scrupulous weakpos
scrupulously weakpos
scrutinize neutral
scrutiny neutral
scum strongneg
scummy strongneg
seamless weakpos
seasoned weakpos
second-class weakneg
second-tier weakneg
secretive weakneg
secure weakpos
securely weakpos
security weakpos
sedentary weakneg
seductive strongpos
seedy weakneg
seem neutral
seemingly neutral
seethe strongneg
seething strongneg
selective weakpos
self-coup weakneg
self-criticism strongneg
self-defeating strongneg
self-destructive strongneg
self-determination weakpos
self-examination neutral
self-humiliation strongneg
self-interest weakneg
self-interested weakneg
self-respect strongpos
self-satisfaction weakpos
self-serving strongneg
self-sufficiency weakpos
self-sufficient strongpos
selfinterested strongneg
selfish strongneg
selfishly strongneg
selfishness strongneg
semblance weakpos
senile strongneg
sensation weakpos
sensational weakpos
sensationalize weakneg
sensationally weakpos
sensations weakpos
sense weakpos
senseless strongneg
senselessly strongneg
sensible strongpos
sensibly strongpos
sensitive weakpos
sensitively weakpos
sensitivity weakpos
sentiment weakpos
sentimentality weakpos
sentimentally weakpos
sentiments weakpos
serene strongpos
serenity strongpos
serious weakneg
seriously weakneg
seriousness weakneg
sermonize weakneg
servitude strongneg
settle weakpos
set-up weakneg
sever weakneg
severe strongneg
severely strongneg
severity strongneg
sexy strongpos
shabby strongneg
shadow strongneg
shadowy strongneg
shady strongneg
shake strongneg
shaky strongneg
shallow strongneg
sham strongneg
shambles strongneg
shame strongneg
shameful strongneg
shamefully strongneg
shamefulness strongneg
shameless strongneg
shamelessly strongneg
shamelessness strongneg
shark strongneg
sharp weakneg
sharply weakneg
shatter strongneg
sheer weakneg
shelter strongpos
shield weakpos
shimmer weakpos
shimmering weakpos
shimmeringly weakpos
shine weakpos
shiny weakpos
shirk strongneg
shirker strongneg
shipwreck strongneg
shiver strongneg
shock weakneg
shocking strongneg
shockingly strongneg
shoddy strongneg
short-lived strongneg
shortage weakneg
shortchange strongneg
shortcoming strongneg
shortcomings strongneg
shortsighted weakneg
shortsightedness weakneg
should neutral
show neutral
showdown strongneg
shred weakneg
shrew strongneg
shrewd strongpos
shrewdly strongpos
shrewdness strongpos
shriek strongneg
shrill strongneg
shrilly strongneg
shrivel strongneg
shroud strongneg
shrouded strongneg
shrug weakneg
shun strongneg
shunned strongneg
shy weakneg
shyly weakneg
shyness weakneg
sick strongneg
sicken strongneg
sickly strongneg
sickening weakneg
sickeningly weakneg
sickness strongneg
sidetrack weakneg
sidetracked weakneg
siege strongneg
signals neutral
significant weakpos
significance weakpos
signify weakpos
sillily weakneg
silly weakneg
simmer weakneg
simple weakpos
simplicity weakpos
simplified weakpos
simplify weakpos
simplistic weakneg
simplistically weakneg
simply neutral
sin strongneg
sinful strongneg
sinfully strongneg
sincere weakpos
sincerely strongpos
sincerity strongpos
sinister strongneg
sinisterly strongneg
sinking weakneg
skeletons weakneg
skeptical strongneg
skeptically strongneg
skepticism strongneg
sketchy strongneg
skill strongpos
skilled strongpos
skillful strongpos
skillfully strongpos
skimpy strongneg
skittish weakneg
skittishly weakneg
skulk strongneg
slack weakneg
slander strongneg
slanderer strongneg
slanderous strongneg
slanderously strongneg
slanders strongneg
slap strongneg
slashing weakneg
slaughter strongneg
slaughtered strongneg
slaves weakneg
sleazy strongneg
sleek weakpos
sleepy neutral
slender weakpos
slight weakneg
slightly weakneg
slim weakpos
slime strongneg
sloppy strongneg
sloppily strongneg
sloth strongneg
slothful strongneg
slow weakneg
slowly weakneg
slow-moving weakneg
slug strongneg
sluggish strongneg
slump strongneg
slur strongneg
sly strongneg
smack strongneg
smart weakpos
smarter weakpos
smartest weakpos
smartly weakpos
smash strongneg
smear strongneg
smelling weakneg
smile strongpos
smiling strongpos
smilingly strongpos
smitten strongpos
smokescreen weakneg
smolder weakneg
smoldering weakneg
smooth weakpos
smother strongneg
smoulder weakneg
smouldering weakneg
smug strongneg
smugly strongneg
smut strongneg
smuttier strongneg
smuttiest strongneg
smutty strongneg
snare weakneg
snarl weakneg
snatch weakneg
sneak weakneg
sneakily weakneg
sneaky weakneg
sneer strongneg
sneering strongneg
sneeringly strongneg
snub strongneg
so neutral
so-cal strongneg
so-called strongneg
sob strongneg
sober weakneg
sobering weakneg
sociable strongpos
soft-spoken weakpos
soften weakpos
solace weakpos
solemn weakneg
solicitous strongpos
solicitously strongpos
solicitude weakpos
solid weakpos
solidarity strongpos
soliloquize neutral
somber strongneg
soothe weakpos
soothingly weakpos
sophisticated weakpos
sore strongneg
sorely strongneg
soreness strongneg
sorrow strongneg
sorrowful strongneg
sorrowfully strongneg
sorry strongneg
sound weakpos
sounding weakneg
soundness weakpos
sour strongneg
sourly strongneg
sovereignty neutral
spacious strongpos
spade weakneg
spank strongneg
spare weakpos
sparing weakpos
sparingly weakpos
sparkle weakpos
sparkling strongpos
specific neutral
specifically neutral
special strongpos
spectacular weakpos
spectacularly strongpos
speculate neutral
speculation neutral
speedy strongpos
spellbind weakpos
spellbinding weakpos
spellbindingly weakpos
spellbound weakpos
spilling weakneg
spinster strongneg
spirit weakpos
spirited weakpos
spiritless strongneg
spiritual weakpos
spite strongneg
spiteful strongneg
spitefully strongneg
spitefulness strongneg
splayed-finger neutral
splendid strongpos
splendidly strongpos
splendor strongpos
split weakneg
splitting weakneg
spoil strongneg
spook weakneg
spookier weakneg
spookiest weakneg
spookily weakneg
spooky weakneg
spoon-fed weakneg
spoon-feed weakneg
spoonfed weakneg
sporadic weakneg
spot strongneg
spotless strongpos
spotty strongneg
sprightly strongpos
spur weakpos
spurious strongneg
spurn strongneg
sputter strongneg
squabble strongneg
squabbling strongneg
squander strongneg
squarely weakpos
squash weakneg
squirm weakneg
stab strongneg
stability strongpos
stabilize strongpos
stable strongpos
stagger strongneg
staggering weakneg
staggeringly weakneg
stagnant strongneg
stagnate strongneg
stagnation strongneg
staid weakneg
stain strongneg
stainless weakpos
stake weakneg 
stale strongneg
stalemate strongneg
stammer weakneg
stampede strongneg
stance neutral
stances neutral
stand weakpos
stands neutral
standstill strongneg
star weakpos
stark strongneg
starkly strongneg
stars weakpos
startle weakneg
startling weakneg
startlingly weakneg
starvation strongneg
starve strongneg
stately weakpos
statements neutral
static weakneg
statuesque strongpos
staunch strongpos
staunchly strongpos
staunchness strongpos
steadfast strongpos
steadfastly strongpos
steadfastness strongpos
steadiness strongpos
steady weakpos
steal strongneg
stealing strongneg
steep strongneg
steeply strongneg
stellar weakpos
stellarly weakpos
stench strongneg
stereotype strongneg
stereotypical strongneg
stereotypically strongneg
stern strongneg
stew weakneg
sticky strongneg
stiff strongneg
stifle strongneg
stifling strongneg
stiflingly strongneg
stigma strongneg
stigmatize strongneg
still neutral
stimulate strongpos
stimulating weakpos
stimulative strongpos
sting weakneg
stinging weakneg
stingingly strongneg
stink strongneg
stinking strongneg
stir neutral
stirring weakpos
stirringly weakpos
stodgy strongneg
stole strongneg
stolen strongneg
stood weakpos
stooge strongneg
stooges strongneg
storm strongneg
stormy strongneg
straggle weakneg
straggler weakneg
straight weakpos
straightforward weakpos
strain strongneg
strained strongneg
strange weakneg
strangely weakneg
stranger weakneg
strangest weakneg
strangle strongneg
streamlined weakpos
strength neutral
strenuous strongneg
stress weakneg
stressful strongneg
stressfully strongneg
stricken strongneg
strict weakneg
strictly weakneg
stride weakpos
strident strongneg
stridently strongneg
strides weakpos
strife strongneg
strike strongneg
striking weakpos
strikingly weakpos
stringent strongneg
stringently strongneg polannsrc=tw mpqapolarity=strongneg
striving weakpos
strong weakpos
stronger-than-expected neutral
struck strongneg
struggle strongneg
strut strongneg
stubborn strongneg
stubbornly strongneg
stubbornness strongneg
studious strongpos
studiously strongpos
stuffed neutral
stuffy strongneg
stumble strongneg
stump weakneg
stun weakneg
stunned weakpos
stunning weakpos
stunningly weakpos
stunt weakneg
stunted weakneg
stupefy neutral
stupendous strongpos
stupendously strongpos
stupid strongneg
stupidity strongneg
stupidly strongneg
stupified strongneg
stupify strongneg
stupor strongneg
sturdy weakpos
sty strongneg
stylish strongpos
stylishly strongpos
suave strongpos
subdued weakneg
subjected weakneg
subjection weakneg
subjugate strongneg
subjugation strongneg
sublime strongpos
submissive weakneg
subordinate weakneg
subscribe weakpos
subservience strongneg
subservient strongneg
subside weakneg
substandard strongneg
substantial weakpos
substantially weakpos
substantive weakpos
subtle weakpos
subtract weakneg
subversion strongneg
subversive strongneg
subversively strongneg
subvert strongneg
succeed strongpos
success strongpos
successful strongpos
successfully strongpos
succumb strongneg
such neutral
sucker strongneg
suffer strongneg
sufferer strongneg
sufferers strongneg
suffering strongneg
suffice weakpos
sufficient weakpos
sufficiently weakpos
suffocate strongneg 
sugar-coat strongneg
sugar-coated strongneg
sugarcoated strongneg
suggest weakpos
suggestions weakpos
suicidal strongneg
suicide strongneg
suit strongpos
suitable strongpos
sulk strongneg
sullen strongneg
sully strongneg
sumptuous strongpos
sumptuously strongpos
sumptuousness strongpos
sunder strongneg
sunny weakpos
super strongpos
superb strongpos
superbly strongpos
superficial strongneg
superficiality strongneg
superficially strongneg
superfluous strongneg
superior strongpos
superiority strongneg
superlative strongpos
superstition strongneg 
superstitious strongneg 
support strongpos
supporter strongpos
supportive strongpos
suppose neutral
supposed strongneg
supposing neutral
suppress strongneg
suppression strongneg
supremacy weakneg
supreme strongpos
supremely strongpos
supurb strongpos
supurbly strongpos
sure weakpos
surely weakpos
surge weakpos
surging weakpos
surmise weakpos
surmount strongpos
surpass strongpos
surprise neutral
surprising neutral
surprisingly neutral
surrender strongneg
survival weakpos
survive weakpos
survivor weakpos
susceptible weakneg
suspect weakneg
suspicion strongneg
suspicions weakneg
suspicious weakneg
suspiciously weakneg
sustainability weakpos
sustainable strongpos
sustained weakpos
swagger strongneg
swamped strongneg
swear weakneg
sweeping weakpos
sweet strongpos
sweeten strongpos
sweetheart strongpos
sweetly strongpos
sweetness strongpos
swift strongpos
swiftness strongpos
swindle strongneg
swing neutral
swipe strongneg
swoon weakneg
swore strongneg
sworn weakpos
sympathetic weakneg
sympathetically weakneg
sympathies weakneg
sympathize weakneg
sympathy weakneg
symptom weakneg
syndrome weakneg
systematic neutral
taboo strongneg
tact strongpos
taint strongneg
tainted strongneg
tale neutral
talent strongpos
talented strongpos
tall neutral
tamper strongneg
tangled weakneg
tantalize strongpos
tantalizing strongpos
tantalizingly strongpos
tantamount neutral
tantrum strongneg
tardy strongneg
tarnish strongneg
taste weakpos
tattered strongneg
taunt strongneg
taunting strongneg
tauntingly strongneg
taunts strongneg
tawdry strongneg
tease weakneg
teasingly weakneg
taxing strongneg
tedious strongneg
tediously strongneg
temerity strongneg
temper strongneg
temperance weakpos
temperate weakpos
tempest strongneg
tempt weakpos
temptation weakneg
tempting weakpos
temptingly weakpos
tenacious strongpos
tenaciously strongpos
tenacity strongpos
tendency neutral
tender weakpos
tenderly weakpos
tenderness weakpos
tense strongneg
tension strongneg
tentative weakneg
tentatively weakneg
tenuous weakneg
tenuously weakneg
tepid strongneg
terrible strongneg
terribleness strongneg
terribly strongneg
terrific strongpos
terrifically strongpos
terrified strongpos
terrify strongpos
terrifying strongpos
terrifyingly strongpos
terror strongneg
terror-genic strongneg
terrorism strongneg
terrorize strongneg
thank strongpos
thankful strongpos
thankfully strongpos
thankless strongneg
theoretize neutral
therefore neutral
think neutral
thinkable weakpos
thinking neutral
thirst weakneg
thorny strongneg
thorough weakpos
though neutral
thought neutral
thoughtful strongpos
thoughtfully strongpos
thoughtfulness strongpos
thoughtless strongneg
thoughtlessly strongneg
thoughtlessness strongneg
thrash strongneg
threat strongneg
threaten strongneg
threatening strongneg
threats strongneg
thrift weakpos
thrifty weakpos
thrill strongpos
thrilling strongpos
thrillingly strongpos
thrills strongpos
thrive strongpos
thriving strongpos
throttle strongneg
throw weakneg
thumb weakneg
thumbs weakneg
thus neutral
thusly neutral
thwart strongneg
tickle strongpos
tidy strongpos
time-honored strongpos
timely strongpos
timid strongneg
timidity strongneg
timidly strongneg
timidness strongneg
tingle strongpos
tint neutral
tiny weakneg
tire weakneg
tired weakneg
tiresome strongneg
tiring strongneg
tiringly strongneg
titillate weakpos
titillating weakpos
titillatingly weakpos
toast strongpos
togetherness weakpos
toil strongneg
tolerable weakpos
tolerably weakpos
tolerance weakpos
tolerant weakpos
tolerantly weakpos
tolerate weakpos
toleration weakpos
toll strongneg
too strongneg
top weakpos
topple strongneg
torment strongneg
tormented strongneg
torrent strongneg
torrid strongpos
torridly strongpos
torture strongneg
tortured strongneg
tortuous strongneg
torturous strongneg
torturously strongneg
totalitarian strongneg
tradition weakpos
traditional weakpos
touch neutral
touches neutral
touchy strongneg
toughness weakneg
toxic strongneg
traduce strongneg
tragedy strongneg
tragic strongneg
tragically strongneg
traitor strongneg
traitorous strongneg
traitorously strongneg
tramp strongneg
trample strongneg
tranquil strongpos
tranquility strongpos
transgress weakneg
transgression weakneg
transparency neutral
transparent neutral
transport neutral
trauma strongneg
traumatic strongneg
traumatically strongneg
traumatize strongneg
traumatized strongneg
travesties strongneg
travesty strongneg
treacherous strongneg
treacherously strongneg
treachery strongneg
treason strongneg
treasonous strongneg
treasure strongpos
treat strongpos
tremendous strongpos
tremendously strongpos
trendy weakpos
trepidation strongpos
trial strongneg
tribute strongpos
trick weakneg
tricky weakneg
trickery weakneg
trim weakpos
triumph strongpos
triumphal strongpos
triumphant strongpos
triumphantly strongpos
trivial strongneg
trivialize strongneg
trivially strongneg
trouble strongneg
troublemaker strongneg
troublesome strongneg
troublesomely strongneg
troubling strongneg
troublingly strongneg
truant strongneg
truculent strongpos
truculently strongpos
true strongpos
truly strongpos
trump strongpos
trumpet strongpos
trust weakpos
trusting strongpos
trustingly strongpos
trustworthiness strongpos
trustworthy strongpos
truth strongpos
truthful strongpos
truthfully strongpos
truthfulness strongpos
try weakneg
trying strongneg
tumultuous strongneg
turbulent strongneg
turmoil strongneg
twinkly weakpos
twist weakneg
twisted strongneg
twists strongneg
tyrannical strongneg
tyrannically strongneg
tyranny strongneg
tyrant strongneg
ugh weakneg
ugliness strongneg
ugly strongneg
ulterior weakneg
ultimate strongpos
ultimately strongpos
ultimatum strongneg
ultimatums strongneg
ultra strongpos
ultra-hardline strongneg
unabashed weakpos
unabashedly weakpos
unable strongneg
unacceptable strongneg
unacceptablely strongneg
unaccustomed weakneg
unanimous strongpos
unassailable strongpos
unattractive strongneg
unaudited neutral
unauthentic weakneg
unavailable weakneg
unavoidable weakneg
unavoidably weakneg
unbiased strongpos
unbearable strongneg
unbearablely strongneg
unbelievable strongneg
unbelievably weakneg
unbosom weakpos
unbound weakpos
unbroken strongpos
uncertain weakneg
uncivil strongneg
uncivilized strongneg
unclean strongneg
unclear weakneg
uncollectible weakneg
uncomfortable strongneg
uncommon weakpos
uncommonly weakpos
uncompetitive strongneg
uncompromising strongneg
uncompromisingly strongneg
unconcerned weakpos
unconditional weakpos
unconfirmed weakneg
unconstitutional strongneg
uncontrolled weakneg
unconventional weakpos
unconvincing strongneg
unconvincingly strongneg
uncouth strongneg
undaunted strongpos
undecided weakneg
undefined weakneg
undependability strongneg
undependable strongneg
underdog weakneg
underestimate strongneg
underlings weakneg
undermine strongneg
underpaid strongneg
understand weakpos
understandable weakpos
understanding weakpos
understood weakpos
understate weakpos
understated weakpos
understatedly weakpos
undesirable strongneg
undetermined weakneg
undid weakneg
undignified strongneg
undisputable weakpos
undisputably weakpos
undisputed weakpos
undo weakneg
undocumented weakneg
undone weakneg
undoubted strongpos
undoubtedly strongpos
undue strongneg
unease strongneg
uneasily strongneg
uneasiness strongneg
uneasy strongneg
uneconomical weakneg
unencumbered strongpos
unequal strongneg
unequivocal strongpos
unequivocally strongpos
unethical strongneg
uneven weakneg
uneventful weakneg
unexpected weakneg
unexpectedly weakneg
unexplained weakneg
unfair strongneg
unfairly strongneg
unfaithful strongneg
unfaithfully strongneg
unfamiliar weakneg
unfavorable strongneg
unfazed weakpos
unfeeling strongneg
unfettered weakpos
unfinished weakneg
unfit strongneg
unforeseen weakneg
unforgettable strongpos
unfortunate strongneg
unfortunately strongneg
unfounded strongneg
unfriendly strongneg
unfulfilled strongneg
unfunded strongneg
ungrateful strongneg
ungovernable strongneg
unhappily strongneg
unhappiness strongneg
unhappy strongneg
unhealthy strongneg
uniform weakpos
uniformly weakpos
unilateralism weakneg
unimaginable strongneg
unimaginably strongneg
unimportant weakneg
uninformed weakneg
uninsured weakneg
unipolar weakneg
unique weakpos
unity strongpos
universal weakpos
unjust strongneg
unjustifiable strongneg
unjustifiably strongneg
unjustified strongneg
unjustly strongneg
unkind strongneg
unkindly strongneg
unlamentable strongneg
unlamentably strongneg
unlawful strongneg
unlawfully strongneg
unlawfulness strongneg
unleash weakneg
unlicensed strongneg
unlikely weakneg
unlimited weakpos
unlucky strongneg
unmoved weakneg
unnatural strongneg
unnaturally weakneg
unnecessary weakneg
unneeded weakneg
unnerve strongneg
unnerved strongneg
unnerving strongneg
unnervingly strongneg
unnoticed weakneg
unobserved weakneg
unorthodox weakneg
unorthodoxy weakneg
unparalleled weakpos
unpleasant strongneg
unpleasantries strongneg
unpopular strongneg
unprecedent weakneg
unprecedented weakneg
unpredictable weakneg
unprepared strongneg
unpretentious weakpos
unproductive strongneg
unprofitable strongneg
unqualified strongneg
unquestionable weakpos
unquestionably weakpos
unravel strongneg
unraveled strongneg
unrealistic strongneg
unreasonable strongneg
unreasonably strongneg
unrelenting strongneg
unrelentingly strongneg
unreliability strongneg
unreliable strongneg
unresolved weakneg
unrest strongneg
unrestricted weakpos
unruly strongneg
unsafe strongneg
unsatisfactory strongneg
unsavory strongneg
unscathed weakpos
unscrupulous strongneg
unscrupulously strongneg
unseemly strongneg
unselfish strongpos
unsettle strongneg
unsettled strongneg
unsettling strongneg
unsettlingly strongneg
unskilled strongneg
unsophisticated strongneg
unsound strongneg
unspeakable strongneg
unspeakablely strongneg
unspecified weakneg
unstable strongneg
unsteadily weakneg
unsteadiness weakneg
unsteady weakneg
unsuccessful strongneg
unsuccessfully strongneg
unsupported weakneg
unsure strongneg
unsuspecting strongneg
unsustainable strongneg
untenable strongneg
untested weakneg
unthinkable strongneg
unthinkably strongneg
untimely strongneg
untouched weakpos
untrained weakpos
untrue strongneg
untrustworthy strongneg
untruthful strongneg
unusual weakneg
unusually weakneg
unwanted strongneg
unwarranted strongneg
unwelcome strongneg
unwieldy weakneg
unwilling strongneg
unwillingly strongneg
unwillingness strongneg
unwise strongneg
unwisely strongneg
unworkable strongneg
unworthy strongneg
unyielding weakneg
upbeat weakpos
upbraid strongneg
upfront strongpos
upgrade weakpos
upheaval strongneg
upheld strongpos
uphold strongpos
uplift strongpos
uplifting strongpos
upliftingly strongpos
upliftment strongpos
upright strongpos
uprising strongneg
uproar strongneg
uproarious strongneg
uproariously strongneg
uproarous strongneg
uproarously strongneg
uproot strongneg
upscale strongpos
upset strongneg
upsetting strongneg
upsettingly strongneg
upside weakpos
upward weakpos
urge strongpos
urgency weakneg
urgent weakneg
urgently weakneg
usable strongpos
useful strongpos
usefulness weakpos
useless strongneg
usurp strongneg
usurper strongneg
utilitarian weakpos
utmost strongpos
utter strongneg
utterances neutral
utterly strongneg
uttermost strongpos
vagrant strongneg
vague strongneg
vagueness strongneg
vain strongneg
vainly strongneg
valiant strongpos
valiantly strongpos
valid strongpos
validity weakpos
valor strongpos
valuable strongpos
value strongpos
values weakpos
vanish weakneg
vanity strongneg
vanquish strongpos
vast weakpos
vastly weakpos
vastness weakpos
vehement strongneg
vehemently strongneg
venerable strongpos
venerably strongpos
venerate weakpos
vengeance strongneg
vengeful strongneg
vengefully strongneg
vengefulness strongneg
venom weakneg
venomous strongneg
venomously strongneg
vent weakneg
verifiable weakpos
veritable strongpos
versatile strongpos
versatility weakpos
very neutral 
vestiges weakneg
veto weakneg
vex strongneg
vexation strongneg
vexing strongneg
vexingly strongneg
viable strongpos
viability weakpos
vibrant weakpos
vibrantly weakpos
vice strongneg
vicious strongneg
viciously strongneg
viciousness strongneg
victimize strongneg
victorious strongpos
victory strongpos
vie weakneg
view neutral
viewpoints neutral
views neutral
vigilance strongpos
vigilant strongpos
vigorous weakpos
vigorously weakpos
vile strongneg
vileness strongneg
vilify strongneg
villainous strongneg
villainously strongneg
villains strongneg
villian strongneg
villianous strongneg
villianously strongneg
villify strongneg
vindicate strongpos
vindictive strongneg
vindictively strongneg
vindictiveness strongneg
vintage weakpos
violate strongneg
violation strongneg
violator strongneg
violent strongneg
violently strongneg
viper strongneg
virtue strongpos
virtuous strongpos
virtuously strongpos
virulence weakneg
virulent weakneg
virulently weakneg
virus weakneg
visionary strongpos
vital weakpos
vitality weakpos
vivacious strongpos
vivid weakpos
vocal neutral
vocally weakneg
vociferous strongneg
vociferously strongneg
void strongneg
volatile strongneg
volatility strongneg
voluntarily weakpos
voluntary weakpos
vomit strongneg
vouch weakpos
vouchsafe strongpos
vow weakpos
vulgar weakneg
vulnerable weakpos
wail strongneg
wallow strongneg
wane weakneg
waning weakneg
want strongpos
wanton strongneg
war weakneg
war-like strongneg
warfare strongneg
warlike strongneg
warm weakpos
warmhearted strongpos
warmly strongpos
warmth strongpos
warning strongneg
warp strongneg
warped strongneg
wary strongneg
warily strongneg
wariness strongneg
waste strongneg
wasteful strongneg
wastefulness strongneg
watchdog weakneg
wayward strongneg
weak strongneg
weaken strongneg
weakening weakneg
weakness weakneg
weaknesses weakneg
wealthy weakpos
weariness strongneg
wearisome strongneg
weary weakneg
wedge weakneg
wee weakneg
weed strongneg
weep strongneg
weird strongneg
weirdly strongneg
welcome weakpos
welfare weakpos
well strongpos
well-being strongpos
well-connected strongpos
well-educated weakpos
well-established weakpos
well-informed weakpos
well-intentioned weakpos
well-managed strongpos
well-positioned weakpos
well-publicized weakpos
well-received strongpos
well-regarded strongpos
well-run strongpos
well-wishers weakpos
wellbeing strongpos
whatever weakneg
wheedle weakneg
whiff neutral
whimper strongneg
whimsical strongpos
whine strongneg
whips weakneg
white weakpos
wholeheartedly strongpos
wholesome weakpos
wicked strongneg
wickedly strongneg
wickedness strongneg
wide weakpos
wide-open weakpos
wide-ranging weakpos
widespread weakneg
wild strongneg
wildly strongneg
wiles strongneg
will weakpos
willful weakpos
willfully weakpos
willing weakpos
willingness weakpos
wilt strongneg
wily strongneg
wince strongneg
wink weakpos
winnable weakpos
winners weakpos
wisdom strongpos
wise strongpos
wisely strongpos
wish weakpos
wishes weakpos
wishing strongpos
withheld weakneg
withhold weakneg
witty strongpos
woe strongneg
woebegone strongneg
woeful strongneg
woefully strongneg
wonder strongpos
wonderful strongpos
wonderfully strongpos
wonderous strongpos
wonderously strongpos
wondrous strongpos
woo weakpos
workable weakpos
world-famous strongpos
worn weakneg
worried strongneg
worriedly strongneg
worrier strongneg
worries strongneg
worrisome strongneg
worry strongneg
worrying strongneg
worryingly strongneg
worse strongneg
worsen strongneg
worsening strongneg
worship weakpos
worst strongneg
worth strongpos
worth-while strongpos
worthiness strongpos
worthless strongneg
worthlessly strongneg
worthlessness strongneg
worthwhile strongpos
worthy strongpos
would neutral
wound strongneg
wounds strongneg
wow weakpos
wreck strongneg
wrangle weakneg
wrath strongneg
wrest weakneg
wrestle weakneg
wretch strongneg
wretched strongneg
wretchedly strongneg
wretchedness strongneg
writhe strongneg
wrong strongneg
wrongful strongneg
wrongly strongneg
wrought weakneg
wry weakpos
yawn strongneg
yeah neutral
yearn strongpos
yearning strongpos
yearningly strongpos
yelp strongneg
yep weakpos
yes weakpos
youthful weakpos
zeal strongpos
zealot weakneg
zealous weakneg
zealously weakneg
zenith strongpos
zest strongpos
